The leadership is clearly still coming
from the top. Markets are showing
historically high levels of
concentration.
>> It's all about tech earnings. All eyes
are on tech.
>> There is a lot of high expectations in
big tech.
>> At the end of the day, what's going to
matter for this equity market is the
earnest growth.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
>> Good morning. Welcome back to Bloomer
Surveillance on this August Wednesday.
John still cruising around the Norwegian
fjords. An Marie and I are holding down
the fork. A huge week of S&P 500
earnings grinding on. Uber, McDonald's,
and Disney all on deck as traders show
little patience for any sign of
uncertainty or weakness. US economic
data building on this, showing just a
hint of stagflation. And President Trump
ratcheting up tariff threats with his
eye on India, pharmaceuticals, and the
chip sector. Traders are rewarding
companies for having certainty, but the
policy backdrop, Emory, is getting just
a bit more uncertain at the moment.
>> Absolutely. when you whether it's you
looking at earnings like AMD as you
mentioned or the ISM services data
yesterday what you see is the policy
uncertainty now baking into the earnings
AMD they basically can't answer a
question on when they're going to start
to put chips back into China that they
had to take out and not send anymore
because of the basically export controls
from Washington reversal of that policy
or ISM services some of that tariff
uncertainty even bleeding into services
sector which should be immune to that
you could see the policy uncertainty
taking shape. What's so interesting,
Lisa, is that this is just the
uncertainty of the tariffs, not the
actual high tariffs rates, which we're
going to get Thursday. Well, this is the
reason why I think the ISM services data
spooked a lot of people. this idea that
a lot of people have shrugged off the
ramifications saying artificial
intelligence, the natural strength of
the US consumer could power through
anything that we get from tariffs or the
uncertainty of the economic climate. The
fact that services stagnated on the
headline number and that the employment
component fell and that the inflationary
inputs really rose to some of the
highest levels since 2022 raised another
potential risk that traders are
grappling with.
>> Right. And this is the Fed's conundrum
according to Cameron Chry. In a
nutshell, he says this is their problem.
Essentially, when you look at what's
happening with ISM services, this is
stagflationary outcome. All of this is
happening at a time when the president
is also saying he is prepared to name a
name to go to the Fed. Whether that
person is going to be a short-term name
just to get through to what was supposed
to be the end of Cougler's term or
someone they're actually thinking that
could leave the Federal Reserve when Fed
Chair Jay Charles chairmanship ends.
>> Yeah. And there's also this question
about how much more uncertainty is going
to be baked in when it comes to future
tariffs. We've heard about India. We've
talked about that extensively yesterday
raising the spectre of pharmaceutical
tariffs coming on albeit small at first
and then building. But chip sector
really going after that that that area.
How much do we really have a sense of
what the contours of trade policy really
look like under President Trump?
>> Well, we do know when it comes to
reciprocal tariff rates, 10 15% minimum
for all of these countries. And some
countries are still trying to, as
Jameson Greer, the USR representative
said, Ambassador Greer, trying to
manifest the last minute deal. And I
think we've seen that overnight with the
Swiss president coming to Washington
without an actual formal invite. But
then it's the sectoral tariffs that
could potentially bite. And they've been
doing these 232 investigations. I'm
actually surprised we haven't seen them
just yet, probably because they're still
trying to deal with the reciprocal
tariffs. This is going to be things like
semiconductors, pharmaceutical space,
and even other industries that this
administration say is critical and more
manufacturing needs to be done in the
United States.
>> Yeah, right now you're seeing stocks
trying to bounce back after six of seven
days in the red to close the day. And
this really is notable after reaching
record highs, not led by big tech. Why
AMD? We'll be getting to that in just
one second. Led by the Russell 2000.
business goes directly to Fed bets as
well as some of the more underpriced
sectors up 4/10en of a percent in
pre-market trading. Coming up this hour,
macro risk advisor CEO Dean Kernet amid
a slew of Wall Street warnings. Heidi
Kbo Riker of the Council on Foreign
Relations with President Trump ramping
up tariff threats on pharmaceuticals and
chips and frankly of HSBC with China
market concerns weighing on AMD's
earnings report. We begin this hour with
our top story. AMD earnings overshadowed
by uncertainty in its China market. You
can see those shares lower by about 6%
in pre-market training. Uh joining us
now, Bloomberg's Peterstrom. They beat
expectations. They even beat some of the
forecasts. What went so wrong here?
>> Yeah, Lisa, this is a very good example
of what you were talking about before.
The expectations are so high in the AI
uh sector that you really need blowout
numbers all across the board to be able
to satisfy investors at this point. As
you mentioned, um, revenue was up quite
sharply. It was up more than 30% for the
quarter. They beat expectations in the
second quarter. They gave a forecast of
$8.7 billion in the third quarter. It
all sounded good, but Lisa Sue, the CEO,
said they don't know exactly when
they're going to be able to sell uh this
chip you were referring to earlier, the
MI308 into the China market. This is a
chip that they used to be able to sell.
Uh, now they need to be able to get
licenses from Washington to be able to
sell that chip. Lisa said that they
don't have any licenses so far. They're
not exactly sure when they're going to
be able to get them and they don't want
to count any of that revenue in the
third quarter or count on getting that
revenue until they get those licenses.
So, it sounds like mostly upside for the
company if they're able to get some
licenses and then sell those chips. But
that uncertainty is really weighing on
investors mentality now and on the share
price.
>> Peter Strumm, thank you so much. And it
really is this incredible irony that
everyone is looking for certainty as we
look at more policy uncertainty ahead.
Joining us now to continue the
conversation, macro risk advisor CEO
Dean Kernet uh of Wall Street. Dean, I'm
just curious. Wall Street analysts keep
warning traders to look out for the
tariff induced slowdown. We keep talking
about that. We saw what happened with
AMD. Can you square the uncertainty
that's baked into policy with the
certainty that traders are looking for
from companies?
>> Right. So if we go back a couple of
months when we were amidst the tariff
tantrum as some people have called it,
those bad early days of April where the
VIX got to the 50s and you had a lot of
unwelcome movements in asset prices. I
think that was the shock of
understanding that Trump's u you know
the the foray into tariffs was going to
be more substantial than folks by any
stretch thought it was going to be. You
know a little bit of seasoning of that
now we're at you know kind of 18 15 18%.
And so now the question is okay what
next right what what what are the
ultimate implications from a growth and
inflation standpoint for tariffs meaning
the market shock is over but like
monetary policy I'd just suggest that
tariffs we have to think about in terms
of as they say long and variable lags we
really don't know we don't know if it's
they're going to hit now uh are they
going to hit later uh are the imp are
the impacts more on the price and
inflation side are they more on the
growth side are they a little bit of
both you've been talking a little bit
about stagflationary impulse. Um and
then of course, you know, ultimately the
dance between markets and the Fed. Um
Pal was pretty resolute in saying he
needs more time. The market's already
gotten to that full cut post that bad
data on Friday. And so I think it's
going to be super interesting, I think,
to listen to Jackson Hole, for example,
to see, you know, if he really starts to
um you know, sort of uh tell the
markets, hey, we're going to go in
September. and and you know the extent
to which that that cycle gets underway.
>> Before we get to actually the policy or
potentially a Fed response, I want to
talk about market technicals since
you're so good at looking at volatility
and understanding hedging risk and and
opportunity. I'm noting that the VIX is
pretty low. It's not showing the
volatility in policy, but I am noting
that the uh after earnings moves in a
lot of names have been incredibly large.
I'm looking yesterday AMD down 6% on
what? A slight disappointment on the
forecast because it didn't beat enough.
We saw a similar kind of move in some of
the other big tech. Super micro uh
computers also down by a significant
amount. What's the message in that?
>> Yeah, that's a super interesting trend
and that's something that's been
occurring for the last I would say
decade which is clearly you've got this
special day four times a year. It's
called earnings. And the realized V of a
stock on earnings day is going to be
three to five times that of a
non-earnings day except that premium is
going up. So what you're noticing is
happening. It's been happening for a
while. Um what what are the implications
for that? I think number one, it makes
hedging harder when you've got a burst
of movement on a specific day. You know,
everything's positioned into that
number. And as you're saying, um the
number didn't seem bad. However, it's
very easy to disappoint when maybe
crowding in of positioning gets to uh a
certain level. Um and so, you know, I
think that's something we have to be
very mindful of, which is just this
crowding, especially in things like
super cap tech. Um, of course, it's
been, you know, the juggernaut that
leads the market higher. as you sort of
step back and think about the market
risk as a whole, there's so much writing
on this capex AI story, you know,
embedded in super cap tech that uh again
it just these are the things I think
about from a riskmanagement standpoint.
Um and uh it does become hard when you
get these big, you know, oneoff 10% type
moves in in earnings days.
>> But in a morning like today, would you
want to be buying the dip of AMD?
>> You know, I don't know enough about the
stock. Um I I would say for for me when
I step back and I look at um the the
market dynamics and I just think about
you know the the economy the level of
uncertainty in markets and then the
behavior of asset prices there are times
when there is just a disconnect and I'd
say that you can make the case right now
that there is a disconnect between uh
the low level of realized volatility in
markets which has been extraordinarily
low. Um the triple Q had a realized
volatility of 8% over the last month
until Friday. Of course, that would that
popped it up a little bit. Um and so as
Lisa says, the VIX is low. It's actually
it is low nominally, but it's not that
low relative to the movements. The
movements are very small. It makes
hedging complicated when there's this
big spread between um the implied
volatility, the VIX, and then the low
levels of of movement in the markets.
And then just from an uncertainty
standpoint, I just step back and I just
try to think about the derailers. What
are the things that can go wrong? Um
again, you know, the the tech AI
spending is the juggernaut that's
empowering this market higher. But the
chaos of tariffs and just the start,
stop, the on again, off again, the
broadsides on the Fed, I think are very
damaging to the backdrop for markets.
And of course, the firing of the BLS
secretary, I don't think that was a very
good uh thing to do either.
>> So, how do you hedge in a Trump world?
>> Yeah. So, I try to uh I try to keep it
as simple as possible. Um and uh uh I
love acronyms and I've gotten to know
chat GPT. Uh I' I've been chatping
acronyms. Um and so I've got an acronym
for surveillance, so maybe I can come
back to that. Believe it or not,
surveillance is an acronym. Um, but uh
the the GOAT portfolio for me is great
opportunities and threats. Okay, stay
long the S&P. It's the most unbelievable
benchmark the world's ever seen. It's
almost impossible to beat. I won't try.
Uh, but I do like hedging and I think
owning some very simple what they call
put spreads on the S&P. It's a it's a
really simple in insurance strategy. You
buy an out- of-the money put, you sell a
further out- of-the- money put to reduce
the cost a little bit and it's going to
get you some downside protection. It
would have been a nice thing to have in
your back pocket through April. And then
I've got two what I just call FOMO
diversifiers. Um, gold and Bitcoin. Um,
I'm not Michael Sailor. Um, I don't
believe in in all in all the hype. I do
believe that Bitcoin is an asset that's
different and it has this I this uh
characteristic where it can rise fast
and so it can get more volatile on the
way up and then gold you know is
different than Bitcoin. It um they call
it digital gold and gold but bit uh gold
um is clearly long the idea that um Fed
independence is going to be compromised.
If we look at the two um days where that
got heated, it was in April and then
about two weeks ago, gold was up about
2% on both of those days. So, I do think
you need these asset diversifiers or the
S&P diversifiers as well along with some
basic hedges.
>> If you want more on this, the after
hours special speaking in acronyms with
chat GPT will be coming to a uh podcast
provider near you. So, what's the
acronym? Okay. Are you ready?
>> I don't know if I am, but maybe go
ahead. surveillance, systematic
uncovering of risk through vigilant
examination, information, liquidity,
leverage, activity, news flow,
crosscurrence, and economics.
>> Love it.
>> And that took one second to generate.
>> Absolutely. Uh, riveting and memorable.
Thank you so much, Dean Kernet of Macro
Risk Advisors. Thank you. I can't say
I'm going to be able to repeat that,
Emory. Can you repeat any of it? No.
>> Systematic systematic risk,
>> economics.
>> That's exactly something like that. Uh,
Dean, thank you for that. Right now,
let's get you an update on stories
elsewhere this morning. Here's your
bloom brief with Yahara on it. Jihara,
>> good morning, Lisa. Swiss President
Karine Keller Sutter will meet with
Secretary of State Marco Rubio on her
emergency trip to lower the US's 39%
tariff on Switzerland. The meeting is
scheduled for this morning in
Washington, but the Secretary of State's
Department does not lead negotiations
for bilateral deals. It remains unclear
if she will get to meet with President
Donald Trump. Meanwhile, AMD shares are
falling in the pre-market, down 6% after
its earnings mostly beat expectations.
But uncertainty in its China business is
weighing on investor sentiment. The
chipmaker declined to predict AI
processor sales in China as it said its
licenses are still under review.
And sticking with chips, two Chinese
nationals were arrested on charges that
they sent tens of millions of dollars
worth of advanced Nvidia chips to China
in violation of export controls. The
defendants allegedly used a company
based in California to export the tech
without getting government licenses.
They could face as much as 20 years in
prison. That's your Bloomberg brief.
Lisa,
>> thank you so much. Up next, ramping up
Trump's tariff blitz. Do you still try
to follow through on your threat to
impose 100% tariffs on all countries
that purchase Russian energy, including
China?
>> We never said a percentage, but we'll be
doing quite a bit of that. We'll see
what happens over the next fairly short
period of time. Uh but we'll uh we'll
see what happens.
>> Heidi Krie Riker of the Council of
Foreign Relations joining us next as we
do watch uh Steve Woodco over in Russia
today. This is Bloomberg Surveillance.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome back. Trying to
bounce a little bit after yesterday
losing some steam. We have been losing
some steam after reaching record highs
with six of the past seven trading days
seeing losses at the close today trying
to break that trend up about a quarter
of a percent on the S&P. A bit of dollar
weakness. Euro rising to 116 versus the
green back. And you could see yields
climbing just a touch more up two basis
points ahead of that 10-year auction
later today at 1 p.m. Eastern. 4.23%
on that 10-year yield. And you can uh
look for that $42 billion auction at a
auction site near you. Under
surveillance this morning, ramping up
Trump's tariffs.
>> Do you still try to follow through on
your threat to impose 100% tariffs on
all countries that purchase Russian
energy in including China?
>> I never said a percentage, but we'll be
doing quite a bit of that. We'll see
what happens over the next fairly short
period of time. Uh but we'll uh we'll
see what happens. We're taking in
trillions, not billions, trillions and
trillions of dollars from other
countries who for years took advantage
of us. They took advantage of the United
States like we were children. And that's
not happening anymore.
>> Here's the latest. President Donald
Trump touting the substantial revenue
stream from his tariffs. The president
also pledging to increase tariffs on
countries buying energy from Russia and
introduce levies on chips and
pharmaceutical imports, quote, within
the next week or so. Bloomberg's Tyler
Kendall joins us now. Tyler, a lot of
moving pieces. What's got your attention
uh for the day ahead in particular ahead
of that 4:30 p.m. announcement?
>> Yeah. Hey, Lisa. Good morning. Well, it
is clear that there is still ongoing
uncertainty, but perhaps we got the most
clarity yesterday on how those
pharmaceutical tariffs are ultimately
going to be structured with President
Trump saying that they will start at a
lower rate and then get higher over
time. time. He said after a year to a
year and a half they could reach 150%
with the end goal being 250%.
And the idea here is that it's going to
take time to reshore manufacturing and
supply chains. And perhaps this would
provide a little bit of a buffer because
we have to keep in mind as we wait for
these sector specific tariffs, those
section 232 investigations that precede
them look into the entire supply chain,
which ultimately means that we could see
levies on the finished pharmaceutical
product. But it could also mean that
there could be levies on the ingredients
that go into them. So there are going to
be some pretty uh broad-based impacts
that we're bracing for. And as we wait
for an announcement on those sector
specific tariffs, we're also waiting to
see if we could see any sort of last
minute deals clinched for these
countries ahead of Thursday's deadline
for the new tariff rates to go into
effect. Of course, that could mean
Switzerland, which we know is trying to
negotiate last minute, but also India,
considering that you mentioned that
President Trump is looking to impose
those so-called secondary tariffs on
those countries that import Russian
energy supplies. But Lisa, at the end of
the day, one thing is clear, that the US
tariff rate has trended significantly
higher. The latest number from our
analysts at Bloomberg Economics say that
if tariffs go into effect tomorrow, as
announced, the average US tariff rate
will reach 15.2%.
That's up from 2.4%
from before President Trump took office.
>> Bloomberg's Tyler Kendall, thank you so
much and welcome back to the show.
Joining us now to continue the
conversation, Heidi Kbo Riker of the
Council on Foreign Relations. Heidi, I
want to stay on the secondary tariff
issue and this question of how much the
United States is prioritizing some
relationships over the other and trying
to understand which conflicts get
precedence. What is your understanding
of this renewed push to get Russia to
make some sort of deal?
>> So, I mean, we have not only the August
7th tariff uh deadline coming up, but we
also have August 8th where the deadline
was set for Russia to uh to really make
some concessions and and uh and start on
a on a path to a ceasefire. And in the
meantime, you do have India as one of
the largest buyers of Russian um oil and
petroleum products. So they are facing
not only the the tariffs from the recip
reciprocal tariffs, but they also are
facing this secondary tariff threat that
Trump uh alluded to. And they are one of
the largest buyers of uh of of Russian
of Russian oil. And he mentioned in his
in his, you know, in one of his truth
socials that they are um that that they
are responsible for not only not only
buying the gas and oil, but they're also
profiting from it. So the killing of
Ukrainians happening, you actually see a
change in the relationship um and the
and the approach to India, it's very
surprising. We've worked for many many
years in the United States to actually
bring India into the into the fold as a
real anchor uh um against to to counter
China in the Indo Pacific. And this is
really flipping that on its head. And
we're looking at Trump now putting the
conflict in Russia and India's um
funding of it really above the
ironically the uh the the real the you
know the important Indo-Pacific
challenge with the geostrategic conflict
with China. So I think that's just it's
an interesting aspect of this. Heidi
sanctions don't always work. They tend
to just create new markets. If Trump
really wants to make sure that Putin
doesn't have the profits from
commodities, notably oil and gas, to
continue funding this war, what steps
does he have to take given the work
you've done in prior administrations
when it comes to economic statecraft?
So, the the sanctioning of I I would
just I would take issue with the
sanctioning of the shadow fleets. I
think that that has actually um had some
impact on Russia's ability to to fund
really in I mean in a vast uh market now
of of of uh illicit oil that they're
shipping around the world. And so if you
have the sort of the onetwo punch of
actually the US stepping up and
continuing to sanction those uh those
sha those shadow um shadow fleet
carriers the way that the UK and the EU
have continued to do then I think that
that actually does take a bite out of uh
out of the profits that Russia reaps
from selling these uh um selling the the
commodities around the world and going
after the buyers. So you know really um
India is in the crosshairs. China should
be as well. It's the other large buyer
but India does not have the leverage
that China has uh in terms of its rare
earth uh magnets and it's like it really
does have that trump card over uh over
the United States when it comes to
really negotiating anything these days.
>> Well, will the impact just be muted if
the administration goes after some of
these barrels going to India but not the
commodities going to China?
So it w it will be I mean obviously you
in a in a in a world where you're going
to actually impose secondary I mean
secondary tariffs as opposed to
secondary sanctions you will have I have
a spider right there sorry um yeah great
the uh so I think you know it would
ideally be uh the going after both China
and and Russia on secondary tariffs
secondary sanctions, however you want to
actually uh um couch them. And the EU
has taken an interesting step as and has
actually started to go after China as a
second um with secondary sanctions. So,
we'll see if those work. Obviously, with
imp with imposing sanctions, it's really
the implementation. And so if you uh you
if you are the United States and you
want sanctions to work in Dubai, it is
doing it together with other countries
as well as really implementing them. If
you're going to impose them, then you
have to implement them. And that is
where I think we've had a disconnect.
>> Heidi Kbo of the Council on Foreign
Relations, thank you so much. And I know
that that spider really had a lot to say
on secondary sanctions. Well,
maintaining composure though when you
see a spider for some people could be a
huge feat, especially at 6:25 in the
morning.
>> Well, maintaining composure through a
lot of volatility, I think, has been a
theme. I am curious about what's going
on with Switzerland. I know we talked a
lot about India, but what's going on
with Switzerland?
>> Well, they were not invited. The Swiss
president was not invited by the White
House, but they have managed to get this
meeting with Secretary of State Marco
Rubio. Potentially, that is a first step
in trying to, as Ambassador Greer said,
manifest a deal in the final moments.
Remember a deal was on the table. This
phone call between the Swiss president
and Donald Trump. It did not go well.
>> Manifest deal. It's sort of like
manifest destiny. Coming up, we're going
to be talking less about that, more
about this, frankly, of HSBC reacting to
earnings from AMD. Those losses just
building through the morning. Plus,
Danny Burgerer with your morning movers
and a check of Disney ahead of earnings.
[Music]
Trying to start the morning on a green
foot. Looking at some gains after
yesterday's losses. Six of seven trading
sessions have ended in the red. Just
coming off some of the steam that have
built up some of these new record highs
on the heels of AI promise. Right now,
you're not seeing that outperformance in
the tech sector largely driven by what
we saw from AMD, but also from uh super
microcomputing as well as Snap coming
out with some disappointing earnings. We
can see right now the gains being led by
the Russell 2000 up 4/10en of a percent
in futures three hours away from the
cash open. Here are your morning movers
with Danny Burgerer. Danny, hey Lisa,
let me show you some of the moves of
what you mentioned. AMD being one of the
biggest drags down 6.2%.
An upbeat forecast when it came to
things like AI, but an issue for them.
One, they've run up a lot, some 44% so
far this year. And part of that runup
has been baking in the idea that they
would be able to return sales to China.
though Julie Sue the CEO saying on the
call that she couldn't predict when that
would return and the US is still looking
at their licenses. So disappointment
there for Super Micro computer. The
disappointment was a cut to their
forecast. It really just shows how the
AI servers and the pricing for these big
centers has been under pressure. So
those shares falling a whopping 16 and
a3%. Meanwhile, Disney, we're going to
get their earnings should be coming in
this hour. They usually report around
6:40 a.m. Shares though advancing ahead
of that 3.6% in announcement from them
that they will be deepening the ties
between ESPN and NFL media buying them
out. NFL media gets a 10% stake. They
also announced a new streaming service
just called ESPN. It will include Hulu.
It will include Disney Plus. We also
have the pricing on that. It starts at
$30 a month and then goes to $36 a
month. By far the most expensive just
for reference point. Uh Netflix is $25 a
month. Me Lisa. Yeah, it's getting
expensive, Danny. It's sort of this
interesting bundling of costs that is
getting to be more and more than cable.
We're going to be speaking more about
this with respect to Disney, what
exactly they're doing with ESPN and NFL.
And you asked a great question, which
is, is this sort of the precursor to
splitting it off or is this a solution
to keep your hands in the revenue pot
while still getting an infusion of cash?
>> Right? Because we do know that they are
struggling on the linear TV front, but
potentially this would be a first step
if you want to just take it separate.
NFL, ESPN seems like they can go their
own way.
>> Well, Rich Goodfield will be joining us
later to discuss. Honorator this
morning, President Trump vowing to ramp
up tariffs for countries buying Russian
energy, saying levies on chips and
pharmaceuticals will be announced soon.
Meanwhile, the Swiss president arriving
in Washington without meetings after
being hit with 39% tariffs. You put it
all together, there seems to be the sort
of drum beat to tomorrow when we have
this deadline. not necessarily so much
clarity on where the emphasis is. What's
got your attention in terms of what the
priority is heading into tomorrow?
>> Well, what got my attention is that we
actually have the Border Patrol updating
their computers for the new tariff
rates. So, all that uncertainty actually
comes into play with higher tariff rates
at 12:01 a.m. Thursday. So, less than 24
hours. And you have this deal with Swiss
that I find interesting because they had
a negotiated text per my understanding.
Ambassador Greer told us last week that
we that that was not accurate. It was
overstated and nothing is agreed until
everything is agreed. But this phone
call clearly didn't go well between
President Trump and the Swiss president.
So she decided to get on a plane which
actually a lot of Swiss executives
wanted her to do. Like the SWAT CEO said
you should just get to Washington. She
wasn't officially invited but she did
manage to get a meeting today with Marco
Rubio. So I think the readout from that
meeting will be very telling. Can they
potentially get something done before
midnight?
>> Did she bring a watch? That's what a lot
of people want to know.
>> What kind of watch? Is it a Swatch? Is
it a Tech? Is it a Rolex? You know,
>> burning minds of curiosity want to know.
AMD shares falling in early trading.
Concerns over sales in China
overshadowing what was otherwise a
really strong earnings report. The
chipmaker declining to predict sales of
its AI processor in the country with its
CEO Lisa Sue saying its license sales
still under review. those shares down
6.3% even with updated forecasts that
exceeded expectations.
>> Yeah, they're adding an extra $300
million in the third quarter than
analysts were expecting. But still,
something has spooked the market and it
likely could be what's going on with
China. She was asked constantly on this
call about the MI308 chip. This chip
that they were selling to China and
April export controls came on. They no
longer could sell and they still at this
moment are not selling into China. They
had a write down when it came to this
chip and analysts just want to know when
are you going to get back into the
Chinese market. I think it shows just
how much that policy uncertainty is
hitting earnings because they couldn't
forecast even when they're going to get
the licenses back. And this is all
analysts really cared about on this
call. Really, it seems like analysts and
traders want Teflon and Teflon can be
found in artificial intelligence. It can
be found in the promise and hopes and
dreams of exponential growth ahead with
the transformation of our workforce as
well as the way that we operate
factories. OpenAI is that name. It is in
early discussions to launch a major
secondary stock sale that could value
the artificial intelligence company at
around $500 billion. Just move over the
trillion dollar valuation companies.
This one's on the way. sources telling
us here at Bloomberg that the deal would
raise OpenAI's on paper price tag by
roughly 2/3 going from 300 billion in
its current valuation to 500 billion. It
just shows what a behemoth and how
quickly this one really has risen. But I
wonder if they have ulterior of motives.
So basically you have Meta going out
there trying to Trojan horse when it
comes to Apple open AI get the best
talent and bring them to Meta. By doing
this, can Open AI incentivize staff to
stay on board, give them actually some
equity and have this share sale, could
they actually say, "This is a way we can
retain talent."
>> Yeah. Basically, here's your hundred
billion dollar payout as well. You get a
$100 million payout. Turning back to AMD
and maybe $100 million payouts, frankly,
of HSBC has a buy rating on the stock
and a price target of $200 from the
current 163, noting a bullish AI tone
and need for higher conviction to drive
earnings upside. Frank joins us now for
more. Frank, thank you so much for being
with us. How frustrating is it to get
the fundamental story right and the
price action wrong?
>> Yeah, that's a good question. And I I
think when you think about this though,
it was just really about the conviction
that the management needed to give
people. Uh we had a really strong run up
into results. So I think going into
these results, people were looking not
only for a good number, but something
tangible for analysts to be able to
raise their numbers significantly after
these results and I don't think we got
that. Um so I think that was why the uh
you know the shares didn't react so
well. And I think the other point was
China as well. the there was a lot of
expectations built into that the MI308
would come back but it also shows you
the complexities of the the the China US
relationship. So I think now uh people
going to have to take a step back and
and look at whether or not how quickly
these licenses can come and how quickly
these revenues can come. But again I
think the market is overfocusing a bit
on it because if you look at the
fundamentals there's a lot of growth
still in the hyperscalers uh that's more
than enough to go around to drive their
growth. So are investors just uh sort of
looking for certainty where there is
none? Are the outperformers right now
just giving false promises of hope or
are you saying that essentially there
are some companies that are more
fortified against some of these
uncertainties and are getting rewarded
for that and these others are sort of in
a wait and see mode from a stock
performance standpoint.
>> Yeah. So I I think you know that the
China element certainly has become a big
part of the narrative this year not only
for AMD but also for Nvidia. Um, so I
think that has complicated the AI story
a bit. Um, in in a way I think it, you
know, that the expectations are probably
a bit more bullish on that. But we also
believe though that you don't quite need
the China story for this to play out. I
mean, you we still see very strong
demand. They they highlight on the call
that the MI355 is doing very well,
better than expected, and the pricing
outlook is better. Um, so we do think
that it can continue to work. Um, but I
think the narrative has been a little
bit too narrowly focused on on the China
part and we've come to realization that
it's not going to be as easy for China
revenues to come back in as people
previously expected.
>> If we could sit on China for a second,
why is it so much harder for AMD than
Nvidia?
>> Well, we haven't seen the Nvidia numbers
yet. So, I guess you know in the next
over the next month, we'll see how much
Nvidia add back comes back from China.
Um, I think uh AMD did disappoint in the
fact that they haven't started their
revenues. We do expect uh I think Nvidia
had more inventory on hand that they
could probably ship out. You also saw
that AMD had a lot of work in progress
inventory. So that has to be resumed. So
that's going to take a bit longer versus
what we saw for potentially for Nvidia
which had already built up um you know
finished good inventory.
>> But Nvidia has been at least when it
comes to the rhetoric very bullish on
getting back into China. Actually, we
learned of the Trump administration's
U-turn on these export controls because
Jensen Wang was in Beijing and Nvidia
released a statement that they're going
to put the Age20s back in the Chinese
market. So, would you say they are
months ahead of where AMD is?
>> I think they, you know, like I said
earlier, I think they're the way their
product has been built out, they've
already shipped out a lot more chips.
So, I think they are in that sense
ahead. whereas you know AMD has admitted
that they have a lot of these products
are still in in the building phase. So
that's why it's going to take longer as
well as waiting for licenses. So I think
that's uh probably the one of the
reasons why you see you know a stronger
recovery for Nvidia from the China part.
>> Frank, we hear a lot of noise about
tariffs and ongoing discussions that are
happening right now. The president of
the United States has talked about
semiconductor tariffs that could go on
as soon as this week. How much is that
already factored into a lot of the
earnings? How much noise is there and
how much signal?
>> Yeah, so I think you know the the tar
the semiconductor tariff is definitely
something that has been on people's
minds. Um I think for the most part if
you see a tariff that's less than 20% I
think the market will be will take that
quite well. Uh but it could be a lot
higher than that. Um I think it's going
to hit the actual chip makers like TSMC
a lot harder. I think the actual the
companies that are leveraged to the
hyperscala growth can pass on some of
these prices increases more effectively
as the hyperscalers have a lot bigger
capex budgets and continue to raise
them. So I think it's going to hit the
consumer part of this semiconductor
probably a lot more a lot harder than
it's going to be on the AI side.
>> Frank, what about some of these
proposals to put tracking devices in
certain high uh caliber chips as well as
some of the constraints without
constraining the supply of chips? I'm
really trying to wrap my head around
what the administration is trying to do
to keep the flow of commerce while
clamping down on some of the more
sensitive chips. Do you have a sense of
how this is coming together of what this
proposal looks like?
>> I think it's still very difficult to
have an idea of how it's going to end up
u but remember this also isn't entirely
one-sided. We've had some chatter last
week of China having some concerns about
the Nvidia chips as well. uh you know in
terms of of whether there's kind of a
kill switch. So I think there's going to
be a lot of back and forth when it comes
to this. So I I think for most people
that look at the AI story, we should
continue to look at outside China as an
area of growth, right? I I know there's
the narrative continues to be on China,
but if you look at, you know, what's
really doing well basically, you know,
the the AI companies, the these chips
are doing fine without the China market.
I know people like the China market, but
if you take out the China market, these
guys are still growing. uh and I think
in for the most part still beating
expectations.
>> Frankly of HSBC, thank you so much uh as
always for your insights. Right now we
are getting some numbers from Disney
Emory. Really interesting to see beats
across the board. The earnings per share
for the third quarter coming in at $161
versus the estimate of $146.
You're looking at revenue that came in
above expectations or basically meeting
expectations. a lot of positive and yet
what we're seeing right now is sort of a
okay what have you done for me lately
>> right the the Disney shares were
actually much higher in pre-market based
off that excitement yesterday when it
came to the ESPN to buy the NFL media
assets what potentially is spooking not
spooking but a little bit more of a
concern now it's only um up 4/10en of a
percent is their third quarter sports
revenue came in lighter than estimates
were expecting so it came in at 4.31
billion estimates was for 4.44 44
billion. What's interesting, Lisa, is
that it's still a good report. It raised
its fullear profit forecast, but maybe
just wasn't enough.
>> Yeah, and we're going to find out more.
The call is in about uh an hour and 45
minutes. We'll be following this
throughout the morning, as well as the
other earnings reports that are due out
any minute. Right now, let's get you an
update on stories elsewhere. Here's your
Bloomberg brief with Yahihra.
>> Hi, Lisa. President Donald Trump's
special envoy Steve Wickoff has arrived
in Moscow for highstakes talks with
Russia's President Vladimir Putin. The
meeting comes just two days before the
August 8th deadline that was set by
President Trump for Russia to reach a
truce with Ukraine or face potential
sanctions.
Meanwhile, here President Trump has said
he plans to make his decision on a
replacement for outgoing Fed Governor
Adriana Cougler this week. According to
the president, his selection is down to
four people, including former Fed
Governor Kevin Worsh and NEC Director
Kevin Hasset. And the Trump
administration will end a governmentwide
program started by Elon Musk to
summarize five workplace achievements
from the last week. The Office of
Personnel Management said it no longer
plans to manage or utilize the process.
Many many agencies had already stopped
requiring the weekly emails, but some
were still sending it to the office.
That's Jubenberg brief. Lisa,
>> thank you so much. Yhierra, I'm still
working on mine. It seems like that
whole Doge program has kind of been
followed a little bit,
>> dismantled a little bit, especially when
the first buddy left and that was a lot
of excitement we saw from individuals,
especially outside Washington and on
Wall Street.
>> Read my emails, talked, woke up early.
Up next, IPOs make a comeback. I
>> think it's fair to say that the markets
are open for IPOs. What you're seeing
with the reception of the companies that
have come to market is that pent up
demand in the public market. Comran
Ansari of Capital Ventures joining us
next to talk about the uh state of play
for companies looking to go public. This
is Bloomberg.
[Music]
seeing a bit of gains this morning after
yesterday's losses. There has been a bit
of a cooling off in some of the activity
that we've seen in equities as a number
of traders assess weaker than expected
economic data as well as reports that
just aren't able to meet expectations
even when they do seem to beat
expectations. Right now, S&P futures up
about 2/10en of a percent, seeing a bit
of dollar weakness. 116 on euro versus
dollar yields climbing, creeping higher.
10-year yields 4.23%
ahead of a $42 billion auction of
10-year notes later today. Under
surveillance this morning, IPOs making a
comeback.
I think it's fair to say that the
markets are open for IPOs. What you're
seeing with the reception of the
companies that have come to market is
that pent up demand in the public
markets. Now that there is more
certainty, more certainty around the
geopolitical landscape, more certainty
around the market and the trajectory of
the market. That's why you're seeing
these companies finally come to market.
>> Here's the latest. A rising number of
private companies going public booied by
strong debuts from tech companies like
Figma as well as circle. Comr Ansari of
Capital Ventures writing this IPOs are
starting to come back in the second half
of 2025. Look for names that follow
current trends. Coman joins us now.
Thank you so much for being with us.
Names that follow current trends is that
code for watch tech companies come to
the public market. And not just tech,
but within tech, you're seeing crypto
companies uh in particular uh with
Circle and E Toro uh coming out. And I
think you're going to see potentially
folks like Kraken or Gayscale and see as
others follow suit because that that's
been a trend that's really been uh
developing as the Trump administration
has come in has been more focus on kind
of uh allowing crypto to kind of grow.
But also, yes, broadly, more tech
companies that have stayed private for
years, uh, are now finally seeing the
the so-called IPO window open, uh, after
kind of, you know, I think two, three
years of quiet time.
>> What does that mean, the IPO window
opening, given the fact that the market
has been very open, it's just that
valuations haven't been what people
wanted them to be.
>> Exactly. And I think, you know, private
companies can suffer from from what I
call valuation nostalgia where you're
you're you're thinking, I was I used to
be worth X and now I'm worth Y. So,
until you kind of have that moment where
you where you realize, okay, we have to
reset. and Clara did that when they
filed. Uh Chime did that when they filed
and came out. Uh they have to figure
out, okay, look, I may have been worth
25 billion before like Chime was, but I
came out at 10 to 12 and now I can grow
from here cuz an IPO, you know, it's
like the old ad with bankruptcy. It's
not an end, it's a new beginning. Uh
it's the start of a whole new life for
you as a company to continue to grow
from there. So then to get to that
point, a lot of companies to do a
valuation reset.
>> What's changed recently? Because coming
to 2025, everyone seemed very excited.
They thought the policy backdrop in
Washington was going to benefit IPOs
hitting the market, but then it was
crickets.
>> Well, one of the things that happened is
uh we thought so too with the new
administration coming in uh in January,
February, the tariffs all of a sudden
put a freeze on the market cuz Clara
filed, they're about to come out and
then at the last minute they they pulled
in and said, "We're going to wait." And
that was because of market volatility
around February, March. So, I think once
you've had some of these trade deals
happen and and the tariff situation
settle down, the market's gotten uh
better overall, you're seeing companies
think, okay, well, you know, they've
been ready to go. Like when I was at
Pinterest, we had the documents sitting
in this room in the in the conference
room. It wasn't like some mystery like
all our numbers are basically public at
that point. So, these companies are
essentially ready. Uh many of them are
and they've been waiting for the right
moment uh in terms of market receptivity
and I think we're kind of there now.
>> What other policy risks potentially
could there be? because Trump is still
negotiating trade deals at this moment.
>> The the lack of predictability is is the
big issue. So, anything could happen,
right? Tomorrow there could be another
set of trade deals or or tariffs uh
announced that puts another freeze. Uh
and which is why these companies, you
know, the IPO window as it were is
fragile, right? It's open, but it it can
close quickly. Uh so, I think when
companies are ready, they want to get
out, do the road show, and also there
only certain times of the year when it
makes sense to go public. You know, you
usually don't see a lot of listings,
frankly, in July and August. So Figma
coming out in July is a relatively
unique phenomenon. So you see kind of
companies coming out in kind of Q1 and
in the spring and then again they'll
come out kind of in the fall towards
November, December. Um but I do think
there's still risk of course any kind of
new uh economic policy or if the
interest rates uh continue to kind of uh
stay stay stable or even increase that
would be a big a big issue for these
companies.
>> That's where I wanted to hone in. How
much is this IPO cycle predicated on two
rate cuts this year by the Fed? I don't
think it's necessarily predicated on
that. But if that does not happen or if
that policy is reversed or the market
sees um any inclination that that uh
they're not there's not going to be a
rate cut or you know in a worst case
scenario rate increase uh might be might
be on the horizon that would put a bit
of a freeze on it. But honestly again
these companies I think have been ready
to go. There are a number of names that
I think we'll look at for the second
half of uh 2025 that we can talk about
besides Graceill and Kraken uh that I
think are going to be coming out.
Somebody who might be skeptical might
say a lot of companies have been waiting
for some sort of valuation that looks
attractive and suddenly they're getting
attractive valuations and if it's a
sellers market that means it's not
exactly a buyer market at a time when a
number of Wall Street analysts have
warned about bubbles froth especially in
some of these areas that you mentioned.
How can you determine whether they're
just trying to time the peak or whether
this actually does represent a durable
cycle that actually is coming from
strength in the capital markets and not
just, you know, a frothy blowoff top?
>> Yeah. Well, I think it's not just about
the strength in the capital markets, but
these companies, the numbers are strong.
I mean, Figma's numbers are remarkable,
right? It's a company with almost 90%
gross margin. Um, you know, massive uh
retention of their client base. Uh, and
so with those kinds of numbers, it
doesn't matter if the economy is good or
bad or the market's good or bad. I mean,
that company is durable, right? So,
these companies are not going public
just because it's a moment in time and
they have kind of, you know, smoke and
mirrors type numbers. These are durable
businesses that I think are going to
last. But the real moment for me is, you
know, seeing all this discussion the
last few week last week about, you know,
the stock popped, now it's back down.
The moment that you really figure out
what these companies are worth is six
months in because that's when the lockup
comes off and all the early investors
and employees and founders can sell
their stock and you really see well what
is this thing worth until then it's all
going to be kind of a little bit of a
theater.
>> So year end we'll have a better picture
of what this really January.
>> So you're focused a lot and the market's
focused a lot on all these tech
companies coming to market. What other
potential IPOs could we see outside
technology?
>> Sure. Look, I mean, until the most
recent cycle, uh, one of the best
companies that had come out was Cabba,
the, uh, the retail food, uh, business.
Um, so I think, uh, Skins is one that's
been reported to come out. StubHub,
which is obviously the ticket site. Um,
is one, Panera Bread, I saw, uh, Liquid
Death, the, uh, the water business. Uh,
so there are lots of companies that I
think are great businesses outside of
tech that also you're going to see them
turn a list.
>> Carmens of Capital Ventures, thank you
so much. Really great to have you on the
show. And I just I can't get over the
fact that someone puts a skull on water
and then sells it for $2 and people are
like, "Yes." But that's kind of where
we're at.
>> I think it's cuz it's in a can, too. I
think people like the fact that it's a
can. Yeah.
>> All right. Well, all I know is we're
looking at some earnings this morning.
We did get Disney earnings and just
parsing through all of it. They actually
did increase their forecast for the
year. Their forecast beat expectations
uh topping estimates seeing full year uh
earnings per share of $5.85.
uh from the expectation of $5.77
not doing anything for those shares.
People looking at a disappointment in
the third quarter. And again, what have
you done for me lately? Seems to be the
theme for all of these stocks that are
coming out and performing what seem to
be pretty solid earnings.
>> Pretty solid earnings, but it just
doesn't seem enough for for some of
these investors. Also potentially what
you see in Disney is just some profit
taking because shares were up higher
based off the fact that they came out
they had this deal with ESPN and NFL's
media rights and maybe this morning some
investors are thinking I could take some
profit.
>> Meanwhile, we're also getting Uber
numbers seeing gross bookings for the
third quarter actually beating
expectations up to $49 uh 49.75
billion versus the estimate of 47 uh.6
billion. those shares surging in uh the
pre-market trading. Again, how the
market responds gives you a sense of
where we're coming from, let alone the
expectations. Coming up next, we'll look
through all of this and get some
earnings from McDonald, Steven Off of
Federated Hermes, Michael Townset of
Charles Schwab, Anastasia Amaroso
Partners Group, and Joseph Briggs of
Goldman Sachs. This is Bloomberg
Surveillance.
[Music]
Right now, the market is becoming more
desensitized to tariffs.
>> The market has pretty much gone to sleep
on the tariffs.
>> The markets would love to put the trade
war behind them.
>> The continuing narrative throughout the
fall is going to be trade policy
uncertainty. We're all holding our
breath to wait and see how bad the trade
disruptions will be.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
>> Good morning. Welcome back to Bloomberg
Surveillance. We're getting a slew of
earnings this week. This morning,
already getting reports from Uber,
Disney, and just crossing McDonald's.
You'll learn something from the numbers.
You'll learn something else from the
trading action and just how much there
are very high expectations. Meanwhile,
tariff threats abound with talks of
India, talks of semiconductors, talks of
uh pharmaceuticals, all coming to the
four with the 4:30 p.m. meeting with
President Trump. Emory, I have to say
this morning the response from traders,
really notable to a number of different
earnings reports. What have you done for
me lately? Seems to be the theme. I
mean, we see a lot of uncertainty that's
being baked in. Earlier this week, Lori
Calvino put out a note talking about the
angst returns and she said how a lot of
that is deserved and a lot of this is
coming out not just from the numbers but
the corporate commentary and I really
was fascinated by AMD last night
consistently asked the CEO when are you
going to go back to selling in China
given we've seen the export control
reversal by this administration and they
couldn't give the market a date. They
couldn't give it details and when they
were going to re-enter that market with
this chip at the same time they had a
great report but it just wasn't enough.
So this to me is fascinating. It seems
like traders want certainty amid an
uncertain backdrop. People don't want to
hear the word uncertainty or risk. They
want to hear we are confident we have a
bulletproof business model. We saw this
morning something similar from Disney
actually coming out with a forecast that
beat expectations. Those shares lower.
Uber coming out those shares also lower
in pre-market trading even after they
beat on the bookings and increased their
uh forward look. All of these types of
actions give you a sense of people
getting concerned that maybe valuations
have run too far too fast, right? And
they don't still have the policy
certainty they're looking for. And it
does feel like what you see in some of
these market reactions is you see
investors weighing the bad news more
than the good news. So in all of these
reports, there's some good news, there's
some bad news. I'm just looking at
Disney right now. They had some really
good news, but still the market is
honing in the fact that ATV troubles
that is overshadowing Park streaming and
the deal they came out with last night
with NFL.
>> Yeah, the idea of a partnership between
ESPN and NFL. We'll get into all of the
deal specifics as well as the McDonald's
earnings in just a moment. But this
comes amid a slew of future threats
particularly in the semiconductor field
as well as of course uh pharmaceuticals
in India which is the secondary tariff
issue and I just wonder how much more
we're going to get and how much is
priced in. And we were talking to Frank
Lee of HSBC and he said anything in the
semiconductor space under 20% probably
will be treated as a relief when it
comes to the semiconductor stocks but
potentially we might get more than that
and we do know that the president does
the like does like to anchor the
conversation to the extreme. So you
could see him come out with something
much higher than 20% but then maybe it
will level out at something under that.
Semiconductors, pharmaceuticals, these
are still the sectoral tariffs Lisa we
are still waiting on. And then there's
two countries specifically today before
midnight we're going to be focused on
and that's Switzerland and India.
>> Meanwhile, you are seeing a bit of a
gain in uh futures this morning after
yesterday's losses and we've seen six of
seven days an inability for futures to
close actually stocks to close higher on
any given trading session. We see the
S&P up about a quarter of a percent. The
NASDAQ underperforming here with futures
up about a tenth of a percent. Russell
2000 outperforming. What we are
expecting today is also a 10-year
auction. Uh $42 billion of notes to
understand exactly what people's
confidence is there. Coming up, do not
miss this. Stephen O of Federated Hermes
remaining optimistic on the economy.
Michael Townsen of Charles Schwab as
President Trump ramps up his tariff
threats. And Joseph Briggs of Goldman
Sachs on potential labor market
disruption from AI, one of the hot
topics for policy makers and companies
alike. We begin this hour with stocks
rebounding just a touch as traders
digest the latest batch of earnings.
Stephen O of Federated Hermes writing
this. We remain optimistic. This season
has been exceptionally positive with
earnings running 8% year-over-year and
upward revisions running higher than
usual. Steven joins us now. Stephen,
wonderful to see you. Thank you so much
for coming back. You're right. Earnings
have been surprising to the upside. Why
are stock traders not necessarily
impressed?
>> Lisa, could you repeat that again?
You're right. I love that. All right.
All right. You're right, Stephen. This
sounds like a home squabble. Stephen,
you're right.
>> So, carry on.
>> Uh, Lisa, these stocks have had big run.
Like, look at Disney. It's almost
doubled over the last year. A lot of
these stocks have run into earnings. And
so, you know, traders are taking profit.
That's pretty normal actually. And we we
tend not obviously we're too big to
trade the trade the day. We don't really
do that. But we look at the longer term
picture. the next 12 months, we see a
broad rotation out into everything else.
You're starting to see it already.
Disney's not like on our buy list, per
se, but it's one of those stocks that
probably is is going to participate in
that rotation, right? It's relatively
inexpensive. It's really been in a
doghouse for a long time. It's starting
to come to life. It's got a long way to
go to get back to where it used to be
three, four years ago.
>> So, the numbers allow people who like to
spin narratives to spin them in any
which way they want to. And so it's kind
of a field day for people who have lots
of creativity and some time to do so. I
am curious if you do look at the
earnings, it does look like any mention
of uncertainty is punished at a time
where there's a lot of uncertainty and
some of the economic data has pointed to
a potential stagflationary type of mix
that definitely surprised markets. So
which is it? Are people responding to
that and penalizing that? Have people
recognized those risks in valuations?
Well, uh, yeah, in the overall market's
really not that expensive. Once you take
out the MAG 7, which are kind of
special, exceptional companies globally,
right? You take them out, the rest of
the market's trading around 1920 times.
We don't think that's an unreasonable
level. And we think it's the rest of the
market where there's value right now in
the market. So, uh, you know, I I would
call it's it's an environment where
there's short-term uncertainty and
long-term less uncertainty. I mean, if
you look at the pattern of what's
happening right now, as an example, when
when I was on a few months ago, we were
talking about this. The soft uh the soft
data is signaling a a slowdown. The hard
data is still good. When is it going to
catch up? The hard data by virtue of the
fact that it's hard is rear view mirror
stuff. It's what the Fed uses as an
example. I call it the cracked rearview
mirror. We're in a news cycle here
that's 24/7 now more than ever trying to
make forecasts based on hard data is
you're fighting yesterday's war. So the
Fed is now coming around because the
hard data is finally softening up. We've
been screaming that they should be
cutting way back in the spring. They're
now going to do that. We're entering a
cutting cycle, but the soft data is
starting to turn. Look at like things
like air travel. Boom. It's spiking. The
Dallas Fed's real-time economic
indicators, it's up 100 basis points in
the last month. You look at consumer
sentiment surveys, up 10 points in the
last couple of months. You got uh small
business confidence indicators up 10%
last couple of months. You look at the
market and the industrials, the
cyclicals are starting to lead. You
know, we do a lot of IPOs at Federate
Hermes, right? I got I I'm teasing the
guys in the office. become the office
receptionist after 5:00 pm. I mean like
I got these companies all showing up,
right? I mean the that market is really
picked up. That's not a sign that
confidence is falling over amongst the
people that actually make decisions in
the economy. So we see all the soft
indicators picking here, most of them.
And uh you know we we're pretty
optimistic as you know about
>> for all that good news though. What's
been pricing in is the uncertainty of
tariffs. They're actually going to bite
and we're going to have an average
tariff rate about 15 to 20%, this time
last year was 2.5%.
>> Yeah, I think you got to check the math
on that because the the actual remember
that a lot of the goods that come in
that come into the US come through
Canada and Mexico. The goods that come
in there through USMCA are 0%.
So when Trump talks about these massive
tariffs on Canamex, he's talking about
trade that they've brought across the
border that doesn't conform with USMCA,
which in the case of Europe, if they
were doing that, they'd throw them out
of the union. So you've got to make
you've got to account for that zero part
of the thing. The actual tariff rate on
average right now as we know it is about
13%. We figure about half of that's
going to be paid by the foreign
importers. So you're looking at 15% of
the economy's imports. Half of that is
not going to be. You work out the math.
It's about an 80 or 90 basis point
increase probably spread over 6 months.
There's all these other things that are
decreasing in price. Commodities, steel,
oil, uh regulatory costs, taxes. The if
you another way to think about what
Trump is doing here is he's increasing a
consumption tax, a pretty efficient one
by the way because it's partly paid by
foreigners and he's using it to fund an
investment tax reduction with all these
accelerated the the multiplier on
investment spending is multiples of what
it is on consumption spending. So
there's a kind of shift going on in the
economy. I get the tariff thing is not
that positive, but it's not as big of a
deal. It's the one thing everyone can
hang on to. So, it's a good discussion
point.
>> You mentioned the president a few times.
He thinks you have great analysis, by
the way, because I follow his truth
social and he has he has tweeted about
you right now. He has what some would
say undermined market credibility when
it comes to hard data releases by firing
the commissioner at the BLS, continually
going after the Fed. And some are saying
maybe it's going to be very overtly
political individual. he'll put at the
Fed. Do you think he's undermining
market confidence?
>> A little bit. I if my advice to him, not
that he he takes my advice, but I I
don't think it's necessary to pound the
Fed chair as an example. On that case, I
would just say, look, the Fed chair is a
rearview mirror looking guy.
He he simply is going Stop listening to
what he says he's going to do and just
think about what he's likely to do. And
we think we've been saying for a while
he's going to start cutting in in
September. Now that the rearview mirror
is looking like it should, he will. On
the labor secretary, one reason that
storm is passed, and I I don't
necessarily agree with the pressure
there either, but one reason that storm
has passed is because the reality is,
let's face it, I've heard you complain
on the air about the labor numbers.
They've been terrible. They have the
there's needs to be an overhaul of that
department. Well, there's a hiring
freeze right now. had positioned it from
that perspective, it probably would have
not even been a news story. But the end
of the day, people are saying, "Yeah,
the labor numbers aren't really good."
Yeah, the Fed, no, they've been a lot of
bad calls here. So, it's he's not
completely off base with the pressure in
these areas.
>> How concerned are you about inflation
given the fact that right now you look
at backward-looking numbers that might
constrain the economy, but the forward
look is pretty rosy at a time where you
do have some input pressures with
prices.
>> Yeah. But the Fed's not looking forward.
So that things are going to cut.
>> So that's fine.
>> And and and the other thing is that, you
know, I look at the actual ongoing
inflation rate here. It's kind of
stabilizing around 2.5 2. Well, it's
right right at 2.6 2.7, but it's going
to stabilize by next year. 2.5. That's
really the Fed's informal target. I
think they figured out a long time ago
two is too close to zero for government
work. So assuming that right shouldn't
the Fed funds rate if you look at
history should be about 50 basis points
above that that's three. So we have Fed
funds going to three over the next 18
months. I think that's where we're
heading here. And so I would just say I
got six cuts coming against a backdrop
that's pretty good. We have the Fed
cutting not because they need to but
because they can. And now that they
think they need to, they'll start doing
it. And once they realize they can, they
will.
>> Stephen Oth, he is the receptionist at
Federated Herby's where he offers lots
of pigs in a blanket. Do you have your,
you know, your your different snacks as
water, tea?
>> Yeah, exactly. Stephen O, the CIO of
equities at Federated Arby's. Thank you.
Right now, let's get you an update on
stories elsewhere. Here's a bloom brief
with you and Anandra.
>> Hi, Lisa. We have a flurry of earnings
to get through. McDonald shares are
rising 3% after beating across the board
in their second quarter results. Global
sales rose nearly 4% year-over-year,
ending four quarters of declining or
tepid growth. The results suggest the
company's focus on pop culture collabs
and budget meals are helping to offset
diners concerns over the economy.
Meanwhile, shares of Uber are falling
nearly 3% in the pre-market after
forecasting higher than despite
forecasting higher than expected gross
bookings for the third quarter, it is
now calling for a 17% rise in bookings
from the same period last year. The
company also beat estimates on total
trips in the second quarter and
announced a plan to buy back up to an
additional $20 billion in shares. And
Disney shares are also falling 1 and
a.5% as its revenue from TV networks and
sports programming fell short of street
expectations overshadowing its strong
performance in its theme parks and
streaming business. Disney raised its
fullear profit forecast and CEO Bob Iger
said Disney is taking major steps in
streaming with its new ESPN service and
plans with the NFL. The market is
playing tough this morning. That's
brief. Lisa,
>> thank you so much. We also got earnings
from McDonald's and they also uh beat
expectations comp sales in the second
quarter coming in at 3.8% versus the
estimate of 2 and a half% really driven
by their global business and an
expansion there. The shares performing a
little bit better, but it is early days
up uh almost 3% 2 and 3/4%. Up next,
100% tariffs.
>> Do you still plan to follow through on
your threat to impose 100% tariffs on
all countries that purchase Russian
energy, including China?
>> We never said a percentage, but we'll be
doing quite a bit of that. We'll see
what happens over the next fairly short
period of time. Uh but we'll uh we'll
see what happens.
>> Michael Townsend of Charles Schwab
joining us next. This is Bloomberg
Surveillance.
[Music]
Coming back with another day of
potential gains. We've seen this movie
before. Right now, uh, getting higher on
futures, up almost a quarter of a
percent on the S&P. What you're seeing
is dollar weakness beginning once again
116 on the Euro dollar cross. Yields
bleeding higher, up three basis points
now in the 10-year, 4.24%
rounded up ahead of that auction later
today. We are getting a slew of
earnings, a lot of them beating the
actual trading response. Not exactly
consistent. What we are hearing about
though from the likes of McDonald's is
an increase in technology spending.
Something that we will be talking about
more going forward. Under surveillance
this morning, 100% tariffs.
>> Do you still plan to follow through on
your threat to impose 100% tariffs on
all countries that purchase Russian
energy, including China?
>> I never said a percentage, but we'll be
doing quite a bit of that. We'll see
what happens over the next fairly short
period of time. Uh but we'll uh we'll
see what happens. We're taking in
trillions, not billions, trillions and
trillions of dollars from other
countries who for years took advantage
of us. They took advantage of the United
States like we were children. And that's
not happening anymore.
>> Here's the latest. President Donald
Trump touting the substantial revenue
stream from his tariffs. The president
also pledging to increase tariffs on
countries buying energy from Russia and
introduce levies on chips and
pharmaceutical imports. Quote, "Within
the next week or so." So, Bloomberg's
Tyler Kendall uh joins us now. Tyler,
how much are we understanding what the
red lines are for President Trump to put
these really more punitive tariffs on
Russia?
>> Well, Lisa, that's one of the key
questions that we're going to be looking
into here, considering that President
Trump did say within the next 24 hours,
India, for example, could see a
heightened tariff rate over its purchase
of uh Russian energy supplies. So
perhaps we'll get an update later today
as the White House really does appear to
be doubling down on its threat of these
so-called secondary tariffs on those
trading partners that import Russian uh
oil for example which means that China
could also be facing some higher levies.
Now the president had previously said
that this rate could reach up to 100%
but as you heard him there he sort of
downplayed that idea said he had never
named that rate. So that could indicate
to us that that tariff could actually
come in a little bit lower than
expected. But if we look at just India
for example, data shows us that India
makes up about 37% of Russian uh oil
exports and those barrels are likely
just to be diverted elsewhere. So our
analysts at Bloomberg Economics say that
this is really about gaining leverage in
the trade talks more than anything else.
But still we know that Russia is trying
to save off any sort of economic penalty
here. And our our reporting indicates
that there could be a few concessions
that are actually on the table to try to
get ahead of it. People familiar do tell
Bloomberg News that the Kremlin is
considering floating a potential air
truce in the fighting. Now, to be sure,
the understanding is that Russian
President Vladimir Putin is not going to
be in favor of a full ceasefire, but
perhaps an air ceasefire could be on the
table to try to appease or get some sort
of concession from President Trump. Uh
Lisa, of course, this comes against the
backdrop that special envoy Steve
Wickoff is negotiating with Russian
President Vladimir Putin. he can confirm
that he is on Moscow and that those
negotiations are underway.
>> Tyler Kendall, thank you so much for
that reporting. Joining us now is
Michael Townsend of Charles Schwab.
Michael, tomorrow is the deadline day.
It is August 7th when a lot of these
tariffs do go into effect. What exactly
will happen tomorrow?
>> Well, I think the market has already
anticipated that this is going to going
to take place. And I think what's what's
tough for the market right now is every
day seems to have two, three, five
announcements about tariffs that may
happen later may some number that may
come up. We heard just now that the
pharmaceuticals and uh chip tariffs
which have been threatened for a while
may come next week. Uh we've got this
idea that uh there'll be increased
tariffs on countries dealing with uh
with Russia. So, you know, I think the
market is just trying to tread water and
sort of ride this wave as these
announcements continue to come and and
we'll see how it plays out. But in terms
of tomorrow, I don't think there's a
huge uh market reaction just given the
leadup that the preparation time that's
been already out there.
>> Michael, do you think Switzerland's able
to get a deal done before midnight?
>> Yeah, it's interesting. the the
Switzerland thing was a little bit of a
headscratcher with the 39% tariff on
imports from Switzerland and they're in
a little bit of a tough spot because of
course they already don't have very many
barriers that they can lower. So, it'll
be interesting to see what they come up
with. I think they're really eager
obviously uh there there's a delegation
that's traveled here to to try to make a
deal. So, uh we'll all be watching to
see what happens.
>> When it comes to other announcements,
we're waiting for the president. He says
we're going to get the new name of the
BLS commissioner as well as who will
fill Cougler's seat. Do you think the
administration is looking at someone who
could be elevated to the chair position
or do they want someone just to fill her
term out basically till January?
>> Yeah, I think this is an odd situation
and of course the key here is that Chair
Powell his term as chair ends in May of
2026 but his term as a regular governor
continues on for a couple more years.
Now, it would be historically really
unusual for him to step down as chair
and stay on as a governor, but he's been
pretty uh evasive in answering that on
whether he's going to do that. And I
think that's why this sets up this kind
of tricky situation with Kougler's seat
because uh there's a possibility that
there will be no vacancy uh later on
when when Powell's term comes uh ending
as chair. So, I think the White House
has to determine whether they want to
put in someone to that seat who could be
elevated to chair. Of course, that
person would then have to go through a
second confirmation hearing uh at the
Senate. So, it's a little bit of an
unusual situation and and uh I don't
think the White House has decided yet
exactly how they want to approach it.
>> In the policy roulette that we have this
week, another one has been the Bureau of
Labor Statistics and exactly how things
get reshuffled there, who becomes the
executive director of that organization
given its importance to the entire
market. There have been a lot of
criticisms about how this data has
collected, the integrity of the data,
the fact that there haven't been as many
people and the response rates been
coming down. Have you gotten a sense
from the administration, anybody there
about what they plan to do to actually
improve the integrity of the data versus
just getting rid of the top person?
>> Yeah, Lisa, I think you've hit on the
the sort of two headed dilemma that they
have here. you know, they they're going
to have to replace the uh the head of
the BLS, but there's a much deeper issue
that's been going on uh for a while. As
you mentioned, the uh response rate has
been uh gone down quite a bit,
particularly since CO really hasn't
rebounded at all since CO. So, it was up
in the, you know, 60 plus% response
rate. Now, we're in the low 40s. And I
think that's a big factor. Uh the the
staffing issue and the inability to to
hire and and fill open positions. we saw
earlier uh this summer that the BOS is
reducing the number of cities that it's
uh taking uh consideration of in its
surveys. So I I think there's some real
honesty in there about the need to kind
of look holistically at what the BOS is
doing. you know, I'm not sure firing the
uh the BOS head was necessarily the uh
the right way to go, but they're going
to try to put someone in there who's
going to really take a a look at how
this this data is collected, and I think
that would help give some more
confidence to the data uh from uh for
the markets.
>> Michael Townsend of Charles Schwab,
thank you so much for being with us as
we try to parse through the landscape
going forward. Look, this is going to be
a serious question and people can say
you it looked a little bit like shooting
the messenger. That said, when you take
a step back, there has been a lot of
criticism and concern on Wall Street
about how this data is collected. It
puts a spotlight on trying to increase
the ability to actually glean data in
real time rather than after the fact.
When it comes to though the new BLS
chief, Libby Cantrol Pimco had a great
note out saying that it needs to be
someone that's not overtly political
that does have market credibility
because actually it needs to get through
committees in the Senate that have
individuals that are not scared to speak
out against Trump like Senator Ron Paul.
So it's going to have to be someone that
is credible not just for the market but
to make sure that it can get that Senate
approval.
>> Yeah. Coming up we're going to be
speaking uh more about that and Squish
Malos which evidently Emory has become
uh an expert in. Anastasia Amaroso of
Partners Group on what she calls the
long awaited quarter of adjustment.
Plus, Danny Berer with your morning
movers. Also, Minecraft and how that is
boosting Happy Meal sales. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Some heated discussion about
Squishallows and Laboos, uh, as well as
the Coca-Cola series Levoos, which we
are not going to get into. Right now
we're seeing uh for $110 evidently. I
mean, who knew, right? Are you into that
whole trend?
>> I think they're kind of ugly cute. I'm
not going out and buying them, but if
McDonald's did something with Happy
Meal, maybe I'd go buy the Happy Meal to
get the toy.
>> All right. Well, this is the reason why
we're talking about this to begin with
because McDonald's came out with their
earnings and Squish Mallows and
Minecraft themed uh Happy Meals seem to
really boost some of their activity. Uh
I think about when I was a child, I
would have loved that. Anyway, moving
on. Right now, futures uh are rising
across the board. Up a quarter of a
percent on the S&P and NASDAQ, up a bit
more on the Russell 2000, 3/10en of a
percent. 2 hours away from the cash
open. Here are movers away from
Squishallows with Danny Burger. I'm
going to disappoint you, Lisa, cuz I am
going to get to McDonald's, but let's
not start there. Let's start with
Disney. We got their earnings coming in,
and it was a disappointment despite the
fact that they did well with things like
streaming and their parks business.
Instead, it was their linear TV that
disappointed and shares falling 1.2%.
They also announced late yesterday that
they would be buying some more NFL media
assets. Still, that's not enough to get
us excited. This morning, we also had
earnings from Uber. It's uh been on a
wild ride, shares, since they announced
earnings. Um, truly, no pun intended. We
are still down 1%. That's despite the
fact that they beat and announced a 20
billion buyback. The issue maybe from
them was that their beat mostly came
from their delivery business. the
traditional ride hailing business not
doing as well and even a bit of a
disappointment there. Okay, McDonald's.
I promised you we'd get there. Here we
are. Shares are higher by 3.2%. It was a
sales beat for one. It's just a more
valueoriented consumer maybe liking
cheaper meals from McDonald's. Uh
winning out after four quarters of
declining or tepid growth and I it was
the Minecraft and the squish mallows of
the whole thing. I'm going to be honest,
guys. I I don't think we're the target
audience for that. Well, maybe it
depends on how our childhoods were.
Danny, thank you so much for that. And I
will just say actually this is something
that's actually quite interesting.
McDonald's talking a lot about
technology and how much they're
investing in technology and how it's
driving a number of gains across the
board. Really closely watching that and
all of the earnings calls. Do we see a
broadening out in this AI trend to uh
companies not considered tech companies?
On our radar this morning, President
Trump vowing to boost tariffs on
countries buying Russian oil and saying
pharma and chip tariffs will be
announced soon. his comments coming as
Switzerland's president heads to
Washington today hopefully has a meeting
or two there. I'm just wondering how
much you put this together and get
something that we don't already know or
is this already baked in? I think it's
fluid in an idiosyncratic way. So we
know that a number of tariffs already
baked in the deals have come out
already. You've seen at the border the
lap the computers have already been
processed what the new rates are going
to be when it comes to India when it
comes to Switzerland. What's going on
with Russian crude? This is where the
situation is fluid. And I think the
president even insinuated that they have
a number of options they could do when
it comes to Russia and trying to squeeze
Putin and make sure that he's not
benefiting from shipping this oil to
India or China. But there's a meeting
going on right now between Steve Wickoff
and President Putin. It feels like
they're giving Putin one final moment to
potentially do something to work towards
a ceasefire agreement before they decide
to go down the sanctions or tariff path.
Yeah, do something could mean some sort
of air uh ceasefire, something of that
nature. Meanwhile, there's a real focus
on the chip sector as that has been such
a huge driver of all earnings and
American exceptionalism. The US
arresting two Chinese nationals related
to an Nvidia chip export breach.
Authorities saying the defendants have
been charged with allegedly sending tens
of millions of dollars worth of advanced
AI chips to China in violation of US
export restrictions. Again, going back
to this question, how do they create
some sort of equilibrium where they're
not sharing the crown jewels, but they
are dominating the chip industry
globally? When you talk to the Hawks in
Washington, it's all about making sure
that the tech does not leak to China.
And this is why the administration has
been so focused on trans shshipment.
When you look at the data behind this
company, the records and other business
documents indicate they sent at least 20
shipments to shipping and freight
forwarding companies in Singapore,
Malaysia, but never received payments
from those entities. This is according
to the Justice Department. They received
instead of quote numerous payments from
companies based in Hong Kong and in
China. And this is what is so
challenging about trying to figure out
where all this tech is going. And this
is why this administration is really
focused on trans shshipment. I wonder if
this is why we're not hearing anything
about deepsek anymore. If people are
looking at the potential for some of
these to have been used in the creation
of some of those more efficient AI
programs. Meanwhile, as we look forward
to this question of what might actually
happen with employment, the bank sector,
fascinating to me, Bank of America
pushing its junior bankers to disclose
if they've accepted jobs elsewhere.
sources telling us here at Bloomberg
management is telling them that they
face redeployment if future offers are
accepted going to this feeling that PE
is going to poach some of the talent
after training programs at the big
banks. John's not here but I'm totally
with Pharaoh on this. Just have them
sign some sort of contract or NDA
something where you know that you are
going to stay at this company. um this
has become almost for all the banks this
whether or not it's a it's a what is it
um a loyalty test etc but the bank's
case is that we go out we spend a ton of
money time on recruitment we train all
these people and they leave right away
so I understand their point but then
just put something in place so they
can't leave or give them better jobs
there's a larger point here and I think
it's an important point which is who
pays for the training at a time where
there is skills that are shifting so
quickly who pays and how do you
incentivize companies companies to do
so, especially if other companies are
going to piggyback on their training
programs that might not ultimately
benefit them. And this is going to
become an increasing question,
especially with AI and how quickly
people have to learn new skills. And I
think that that is something that's
important.
>> It is, especially when you look at the
unemployment rate when it comes to men
and women coming out of college right
now. And this is something Governor
Waller was talking about, 7%
unemployment rate for recent graduates.
To your point, who is train who is
training these individuals? And do we
need to be trading these individuals
because more and more companies looking
to AI?
>> Yeah. Well, turning back to markets, we
are seeing stocks looking through all of
this looking to rebound after the S&P
500 posted its fifth down day in the
last six. Anastasia Amaroso of Partners
Group writing this. This is a long-
aaited quarter of adjustment and the
market may need to act accordingly
expecting less upside and more
choppiness in Q3. Anastasia joins us
now. Great to see you. Thank you for
being here.
>> Good morning, Lisa. All right. So, this
is the adjustment that everyone is
expecting that everyone's looking to buy
into. How do you get an adjustment? And
I asked this question yesterday. How do
you get a selloff if everyone's looking
to buy the dip?
>> Well, I think the news flow is going to
dictate that and we need to have more
caterpillar-like reports that talk about
the tariff hit that some of these
companies are going to have to absorb
and some of that may be in line with
consensus expectations and some of it
may not. You know, I think that could be
one trigger for a potential pullback as
we really do realize the tariff hit. The
other trigger of course is inflation and
inflation expectations for next week are
somewhat subdued but could we see some
potential surprises there? So, you know,
maybe Lisa, the the the move here in the
market is not necessarily tremendous
downside because I think some level of
expectations already baked in, but
that's why I really kind of call it the
quarter of choppiness because on the one
hand, we need to mark tomarket some of
these tariffs and at the same time, we
also know that if the labor market
weakness weakens as a result of that,
then that sets us up for a September
cut. And I think that's what the markets
are caught in between and that's why we
sort of get the backtoback days of
selling and buying and selling and
buying and I think that could continue
and that's the reason why you're seeing
some selling even on the heels of
earnings reports that are really
positive which we've seen increases to
forecast that beat expectations and then
the likes of AMD uh selling off. I'm
just wondering what do you do with the
chop? Well, I I think for public market
investors, if you have any sort of
pullback, of course, you step in and you
sort of buy your favorite names. And I
would say, you know, for us, it's really
about long-term investing at Partners
Group and focusing on thematic
investing, uh, and and really aligning
yourself with some of the key secular
growth themes. you know, as much as we
worry about the next inflation report or
the next, you know, rate cut or not,
what truly determines whether the
company is going to outperform or not is
whether it's aligned with a long-term
trend of, let's say, artificial
intelligence or perhaps healthcare
innovation uh or new way of living and
whether you align with that and
benefiting from that. So, you know, if
there is an opportunity to buy into that
in in public markets, that's great. For
us, I think there's a lot of deal
activity that we're looking at and given
the clarity of tariffs that is emerging,
I think for the private equity industry
in general, uh, the deal activity is
likely to pick up.
>> Is it the clarity because the rates are
set or is it the clarity that they're
not as bad as some would expect?
>> Both. Both. I mean, Emory, you know, we
put this chart together, you know,
looking at the percent of world GDP that
had a deal in place. Back in April, it
was zero. you know, nobody had a trade
deal done with the United States. Uh,
and today you fast forward to today and
about 30% about 28% of the world GDP has
some sort of a deal in place and there's
still a big chunk of global GDP that's
in negotiation. So that's the first
point is that you know you have
predictability, you have some clarity
for a growing share of GDP. The second
point is the one you made which is uh
you know for most countries
that are able to negotiate a deal
they're doing so at a lower tariff rate
that could have been under the
liberation day announcement. So I think
it's both of those things. And then the
third point is now that we have the
numbers now that we have the certainty
we actually know how to price things.
And this is why I say some of the deal
activity can also move from being
contemplated to actually being
materialized because we know exactly
what we have to pencil into the models.
But what happens when the higher rates
which is a much higher average rate than
we had last year actually starts to get
digested in this economy 2.5% versus 15%
20% depending on the country
>> right well that's why I call this the
quarter of adjustment and it's going to
happen this quarter if you think about
for example the tariffs that were back
you know back in April about 3% now the
tariffs have ratcheted up closer to 10%
and I think most of that is being
collected now and in the next month or
two we're going to see 15 or 16% that's
that's collected. But one thing that I I
I will refer back to the Caterpillar
report that I found interesting, they
very much talk about profit margins
including the tariff hit, but also
profit margins excluding the tariff hit.
And that really suggests to me that
companies as well as the Fed are
treating this as a oneoff adjustment
that they need to take and they need to
process. And I think it happens in Q3.
>> As you see the pipeline of opportunities
in the private markets really build
steam. you buying into Open AI at $500
billion? Uh I will defer to our
investment teams on that but you know I
think valuation is something we take
very seriously and look I will say Lisa
broadly speaking in private markets you
know it's where can we find the most
robust margins and where can we find the
fastest uh growth rate and EPS and how
can we actually build that that's what
we're focused on building rather than
maybe buying into after the fact to give
a hundred million dollar bonuses to all
the people to have them stay in place
although that might be the benefit for
some of these strategies
partners group thank you wonderful to
see you as always. Right now, let's get
you an update on stories elsewhere.
Here's your Bloomber brief with Yahira
on it. Yah.
>> Hi, Lisa. Swiss President Karine Keller
Suter will meet with Secretary of State
Marco Rubio on her emergency trip to
lower the US's 39% tariff on
Switzerland. The meeting is scheduled
this morning in Washington, but the
Secretary of State's Department does not
lead negotiations for bilateral deals,
and it remains unclear if she will get
to meet with President Trump. Meanwhile,
Nova Nordisk has reported its weakest
sales growth in four years. The drug
maker is losing ground to Eli Liy in the
US market for obesity drugs. Nova
Nordisk's earnings were below analyst
estimates and a new president and CEO is
set to take over on Thursday after the
company ousted its longtime leader.
Shares are down 3.8%.
And as you were discussing, OpenAI is in
early talks about a potential share sale
for current and former employees at a
valuation of about $500 billion. People
familiar with the investment discussion
say existing investors have approached
the company about buying some of the
employee shares. If the deal goes
through, it would increase OpenAI's on
paper price tag by about 2/3. That's
your Bloomberg Ree. Lisa,
>> thank you so much. Yhira, up next, AI's
threat to workers. I'm a net optimist of
AI rather than u thinking that it's
going to take every job. Every single
job will need to get reconfigured
slightly, but this is no different from
any other previous technological
revolution.
>> Joseph Briggs of Goldman Sachs joins us
next after writing a report exactly on
that topic. This is Bloomberg
Surveillance.
[Music]
Good morning. We are seeing some gains
to start the uh trading day. A little
bit of a lift under the hood as people
take a look at earnings and policy. Up
about a quarter of a percent in S&P
futures. dollar weakness 116 on the Euro
dollar cross and yields bleeding just
two basis points higher 423%
on the 10-year ahead of that auction
later today under surveillance this
morning AI's threat to workers
>> I'm a net optimist of AI rather than u
thinking that it's going to take every
job that's avail that's that's available
for humans right now every single job
will need to get reconfigured slightly
will need to have um be adjusted but
this is no different from any other
previous technological ical revolution
that we've had that you have an entry-
level candidate with AI as a companion,
you can start to see meaningful levels
of compounding of value.
>> Here's the latest. Goldman Sachs global
economics team has published a new
report suggesting artificial
intelligence will displace 6 to 7% of
the workforce, but the team says it's
skeptical that artificial intelligence
can cause large employment reductions
over the next decade. Joseph Briggs of
Goldman Sachs joins us now. Joseph,
great to see you. Thank you for being
with us. A topic that has ignited our
curiosity and our imaginations for quite
a while. Is 6 to 7% job loss a good
number or a bad number when it comes to
what it means for the overall employment
picture?
>> So 6 to 7% place or rate of
displacement, you know, following the
full AI transition once we've seen AI be
deployed everywhere in the economy that
we think it ultimately will. It's
broadly in line with what we've seen in
past technology cycles. If we look at
the IT revolution, the widespread
adoption of the internet of software um
we saw you rates of replacement you in
the the 5 to 10% you know ballpark and
so generally speaking I think that what
we're expecting is roughly consistent
with history and ultimately I think it's
going to be a manageable headwind for
the labor market. The words that people
don't want to say in markets is this
time is different. But a lot of people
do mention the speed in which AI is
transforming roles businesses and we see
that in some of the earnings reports and
some of the companies that are coming
out and having to train workers in real
time as they figure out the tools
themselves. How much does that really
change the picture? The sort of timing
mismatch of how quickly the technology
is moving and how quickly companies and
workers can really adapt. I think the
speed is the most important thing to be
watching when thinking about how large
of an impact and how quickly and how
disruptive of an impact AI has on the
labor market and broader economy. Now,
if our estimate for 6 to 7% displacement
occurs over roughly a decade, which is
what we have in mind in our baseline
forecasts, then that's a very manageable
headwind. You're looking at roughly a
half point boost to the unemployment
rate in any given year. Uh it matters,
but it's not going to be a significant
macroeconomic driver. If instead however
we're wrong and we see that that those 6
to 7% of workers be displaced over a 2
to three year period all of a sudden
you're talking about a 2 to three point
increase in the unemployment rate and
that's a very different macroeconomy.
>> So when you say full transition to this
AI new economy that's a 10-year period
>> what we have when I say full transition
what we mean is that AI automation has
been deployed in every area that it can
possibly be deployed. And so the 10-year
transition, I get the feedback a lot
that uh people think that this is too
bearish or too uh cautious of an
estimate. Um I'm very sympathetic to the
idea that there are going to be some
areas of the economy that adopt sooner.
We're seeing that very clearly in the
tech sector today. Uh but when when
we're thinking about unlocking the
economic value on a macroeconomic
economywide basis, you need to have
every doctor's office in Colorado and
every law office in Ohio uh you know
utilizing the technology to its full
capability. What do you think we're
seeing right now? There are some pretty
eyepopping numbers when it comes to
young men that are unemployed. Right
now, aed 20 to 24, that unemployment
rate is 8.3%
and for recent college graduates, annual
rate is 5.3%. For young men, there's
almost recessionary levels of
unemployment.
>> The youth unemployment rate has
definitely risen, and I think that
mostly reflects that we're in a low
hiring and low firing labor market right
now. And so the the increase in in
unemployment for young workers I don't
think for the most part is related to
the the AI impacts that we are seeing in
very narrow areas of the economy today.
The one uh you know area that stands out
as different is the tech sector. Uh we
have seen tech sector youth unemployment
rise by three percentage points since
the start of 2024. This is uh a larger
increase than what we've seen for young
workers broadly speaking and a larger
increase than we've seen for the tech
sector overall. And so it's not
surprising that it's having a bigger
impact in in areas like tech where
adoption has started to pick up.
>> But to Emry's point, isn't that just a
precursor of what's to come given the
fact that they can adapt a little bit
more quickly to some of the AI tools?
>> Yeah. And we are expecting that uh
adoption and utilization of AI is going
to broaden out over the next seven
several years, which is why we are
ultimately expecting that there will be
a 6 to 7% uh replacement and
displacement of workers that need to be
reallocated to new positions. Um you
know our view is that you the tech
sector is a first but other industries
will just take a little bit more time uh
and and it will play out over a longer
period.
>> How disinflationary is this? And I ask
at a time where people are trying to
extrapolate out tariffs and other policy
changes that could be inflationary and
saying AI will cure everything. Is this
something that really will reduce costs
in a material way? Uh again, it really
comes down to the speed of transition
that if you only see a half point boost
to the unemployment rate in any given
year, which again is our baseline
expectation, then you're only looking
at, you know, a tenth or two of downward
pressure on inflation from labor market
slack. Uh if instead it happens much
more quickly, then the inflation impacts
could be much larger.
>> Building on Lisa's point, this is coming
at a time we're seeing a tremendous
amount of changes when it comes to
policy. this is administration that is
trying to bring back manufacturing to
the United States. Will some of these
jobs they're trying to be back even
exist in 10 years?
>> Um so I think that the policy angle when
thinking about how it interacts with the
macroeconomic impacts of AI, uh it
really is going to determine how quickly
we see adoption occur. The US relative
to other countries has taken a lower
touch approach to regulating AI. Um, you
know, the US is the the leader in AI
technology and AI capability right now.
And so, generally speaking, I think that
that means that it will have a more
front-loaded and more significant impact
on the labor market and productivity
over the next 5 years and than we'd be
expecting in other countries. Um, but
ultimately, uh, you know, I think that
that the the impact on the labor market
and the speed is going to be the main
effect. When you look at other
countries, specifically China, because
it's like this arms race when it comes
to AI between the United States and
China, how far behind is China?
>> It's hard to have a lot of insight from
a technological perspective. The Deep
Seek News earlier this year already
obviously highlighted that China has the
ability to develop, you know, a very
powerful and very effective AI model. Uh
earlier this year, we did pull forward
our adoption timeline, uh, you know, for
China so that it's only lagging the the
US by about a year or two. And so we are
expecting that China will not be too far
behind in the US and deploying the
technology.
>> What's been the response like to this
report?
>> Uh it's been all over the place. Some
people say we're way too optimistic.
Some people say we're way too
pessimistic. Uh if you talk to tech
investors, they think that the effects
are going to be much larger.
>> What about corporate executives that are
actually coming out with different
training programs? And a lot of big
companies, they have training programs
to try to figure out how to implement uh
artificial intelligence, large language
models into everyday uh existence of
their employees. What's their response
been like to this?
>> I think corporate executives are
generally taking a cautious approach
approach to deploying the technology. If
we look at uh you know survey evidence,
concerns around privacy, concerns around
um you know figuring out how to actually
integrate uh AI into to you know regular
production uh and you know furthermore
just concerns about making sure that you
get it right has led to a slower
adoption curve. Now we are seeing
adoption pick up more among larger
companies. Companies with more than uh
250 workers are are seeing adoption in
the mid- teens right now. Um, but I
think that, you know, generally
speaking, the the feedback has been that
it we do need to take this a little bit
slowly and make sure that we we, you
know, end up uh getting into the right
place in the long run.
>> Joseph Briggs of Goldman Sachs, thank
you so much for being with us. Joseph
Briggs uh there with his report on
artificial intelligence and what it will
do to the labor market. You looked at
that 67% number and you thought, "Oh my
goodness, this potentially could be
catastrophic." And it could if it is uh
sort of executed over the next couple of
years. I was depressed reading Joseph's
report and you were optimistic because
you didn't think it was as bad as
potentially it could be.
>> Well, if you looked at Anthropic, for
example, where it was like job mageddon,
right? And everyone was going to lose
their job and we'd all just be subject
to doineering robots telling us to just
work harder and sit in a corner. That's
probably a more optimistic look. Look,
it does seem like there's a huge
transition underway. How quickly it
happens is remains to be seen as well as
exactly how companies uh deploy that.
And I think the report does highlight
that this is going to take for full
transition a decade. So potentially this
is not just going to happen overnight
which is to the job a point.
>> Meanwhile we are getting earnings and a
number of these companies are mentioning
just how much they are investing and
using a number of these technologies.
McDonald's among them Uber reporting
earnings as well as Disney. Coming up
we'll parse through all of that and look
ahead tomorrow's jobless claims as well
as the auction at 1 p.m. today. Daryl
Croc of Wells Fargo. Rich Greenfield of
Lightshed Partners on those Disney
earnings, the ESPN NFL tie-up, Mark
Geiani of Barclays, and Woody Caesar of
Credit Sites. This is Bloomberg
Surveillance.
[Music]
The leadership is clearly still coming
from the top. Markets are showing
historically high levels of
concentration.
>> It's all about tech earnings. All eyes
are on tech.
>> There's a lot of high expectations in
big tech.
>> At the end of the day, what's going to
matter for this equity market is the
earnest growth.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
>> Good morning. Welcome back to Bloomberg
Surveillance and a busy day of earnings.
It's the heart of the earnings season.
And we've gotten Disney, Uber, and
McDonald's. Airbnb after the bell. The
message from companies, we're doing
really well. The message from traders is
just not good enough. After having some
pretty high expectations, we're squaring
positive earnings forecast with
yesterday's stagflationary ISM report.
Plenty of uncertainty on the tariff
front. John still on his jaunt through
the fjords of Norway on a cruise. And
Emory, you and I keeping the fort warm.
But I am curious though how much we're
getting noise versus signal from how
people are responding to some of these
earnings reports.
>> Well, it's interesting because we had
Uber shares actually go down, but now
the market is taking them in stride and
saying actually this report looks really
good. Announced $20 billion in new stock
buybacks after a better thanex expected
thirdarter forecast. McDonald's though
really interesting. The global footprint
seems to be where they're getting a lot
of growth. Also, who knew toys and
budget meals driving people to want to
go to McDonald's and something you've
been talking about a lot, but you can
actually see if you go to any
McDonald's, whether it's United States
or internationally, how much they were
relying on new technology and AI to
basically create a more efficient
environment. Yeah, this goes to what
Stephen Off was talking about as we
asked how do you square some of these
positive forecasts that we're seeing
from these consumer-f facing companies
with the stagflationary ISM report where
you saw really stagnating topline growth
deep clean uh sort of compressing
employment picture as well as
inflationary inputs with a pretty rosy
environment that we're seeing at
companies. How do you understand what
the picture is? And he said these are
forward-looking and that was backward
looking.
>> Yes. He says the Fed is just
backward-looking rearview mirror. Now
they're seeing the cracks in the
rearview mirror, but companies are
forwardlooking. But what did Anastasia
Amarosa say? She said this is going to
be the crunch times in terms of the
choppiness to figure out the uncertainty
that's been baked into the market has
been the uncertainty of policy out of
Washington. Well, now for at least a
number of countries, we have certainty
what these tariffs are actually going to
be going to actually be and companies
are going to have to digest them over
the next few months. and that
uncertainty when it is represented in
earnings reports like AMD, it can be
problematic for their share reaction
after markets. Right now, it's less
problematic. You see shares uh you'd see
futures higher ahead of the open as
people look through some of these more
positive uh reports of about 210 of a
percent on the S&P really led by what we
see in the Russell 2000. As people do
price in more than an 80% chance of a
rate cut next month. We do see a bit of
dollar weakness 116 on the Euro dollar
cross and yields just creeping
marginally higher. We do have that
10-year auction. Uh $42 billion of notes
sold today at 1 p.m. Eastern. Coming up
this hour, Daryl Kron of Wells Fargo
with stocks looking to rebound. Richard
Greenfield of Lightshed Partners
reacting to earnings from Disney as well
as that tie up between ESPN and the NFL.
and Mark Geoni of Barclays on
expectations for the Fed's next rate
cut. We begin this hour with stock
markets digesting a rush of earnings
reports. Daryl Kron of Wells Fargo
writing, "With stocks seeing 32% gains
over the past 80 trading days, some sort
of pause and consolidation is likely
warranted before the next leg higher."
Darl, you are not alone. He joins us
now. Really good to see you. Thank you
for being here. It does seem like this
is sort of increasingly consensus. Watch
for the chop. Get ready for some sort of
pullback. We've seen this from Morgan
Stanley's Michael Wilson. We've seen
this from Bank of America's Michael
Hartnett. How do you identify some sort
of sell-off before it even happens and
then say it's an opportunity to buy?
>> Yeah, I think that's a good question and
we just literally yesterday put out a
whole report about um pulling money out
of small cap equities. Um pulling and
trimming large cap. We're still on the
favorable side of large cap uh exposure
because you got to be up in quality. And
took that money and put it in
intermediate fixed income, right? Just
because we think we added to equities
twice in the spring, March and April,
right around liberation day. Better
lucky than good, I guess, right? But but
huge move obviously in equities, right?
At this point at 24 times earnings,
right? Yes. I love the earnings numbers,
right? Remember, first quarter was 7%
revenue growth or sales growth and 15%
earnings growth. Right now, we're
tracking 6% revenue growth and 10%
earnings growth. Like, I'll take that
all day long after the last couple years
we've had. So earnings are finally
catching up to try to squeeze those
multiples down a little bit. Um, but
look at something like small caps, which
we're not a buyer of. I just told you we
took money out. If you go back 3 years,
small caps have underperformed money
market funds. Literally, like if I got
4.1 4.2% in a money market fund for the
last 3 years, I did better than if I had
small cap exposure, right? So people
keep looking, you know, waiting for
GDAU, right, for the time when small
caps are going to come roaring back. We
just don't see it.
>> All right. To put small caps aside, they
have been sort of like the stepchild of
the market over the past number of
years. When you take a look at the
golden child, which has been big tech, a
lot of people saying it's looking a
little frothy. It's gotten pretty
elevated. And that's kind of what we saw
from AMD yesterday. They came out with
pretty good numbers and people sold off
because they can't see the future. I
mean, how much is that really where some
of the pullback is destined to be?
>> So, we didn't downgrade tech, but we did
downgrade comm services, which has been
just rip roaring good. Um, and we
actually downgraded energy as well and
put that money into financials, right?
We still see financials with a steeper
yield curve. What most people don't
realize is they know well that the 2 to
10 spread on the treasuries um is 50
basis points which is a nice steepness.
If I look at the 2 to 30, it's 107 basis
points of steepness. The roll down
effect and what that does for financials
is extraordinarily good. Then you add in
deregulation, you add in the M&A
environment picking up, you add in what
will kick in here shortly with corporate
buybacks. Like there's some real
opportunities to do that in tech though
you still have to be where growth
resides right if I look at the top the
big four right Alphabet Amazon Microsoft
Meta 29% earnings growth this quarter
and if I take everybody else minus those
big four 2% earnings growth
>> right so you still have to be where
growth resides you can't underweight
tech especially when the top 10 names
now are 40% of the index
>> would you change your uh allocation if
we get the Fed cut in September.
>> No, because the Fed cuts already priced
in basically. It's a good question, but
like I think where the market is wrong
is not on September. It's wrong on it's
got 55 to 60 basis points in the futures
curve through year end 25. So call it
two plus cuts and then next year it's
got three to four more cuts, right? So
if you look at
>> So what's wrong about it? What do you
what do you think?
>> We don't we don't think the cuts will
will come to fruition just like the bond
market's been wrong. You know, we can go
back and count numerous times over the
last 3 to four years where they priced
in too many cuts, then had to walk them
back out eventually. If if you're going
to get if you're going to tell me we're
going to get six cuts in the next 15 16
months, then I'm going to tell you the
economy is very much weaker than what we
we are projecting and planned.
>> So, what are you projecting at least for
this year?
>> So, if you get under the surface, right,
the economy is close to stall speed this
second quarter, you know, 3% GDP, right?
besides 1% consumer growth, nothing in
capex, nothing in government, and then
you look at, you know, what trade did,
which is five points, and you subtract
off the 3.2 points on inventory, you're
looking at 1 to one and a half% growth
at the underlying, right, for the
economy. That's close to stall speed.
And so we think as you go through the
second half of this year, you got to be
careful, right? We do think it'll pick
back up in 26. I think what's
interesting, so think about this for a
second. In May, 70% of economists
predicted that the US economy would go
into recession following Liberation Day,
right? All the tariffs and everything.
Today, it's probably 10 15%. But if I
add up all the tariffs from Liberation
Day, it looks like, who knows headlines,
negotiations, about 60 65% of those are
going to actually get enacted. So if I
believed,
>> but not at those high rates
>> at the rates that were announced in
liberation day. If you actually go back
and you start pulling apart all the
liberation day announcements and say how
much of those are still likely to happen
right either have already been
negotiated or likely to happen it's
about 60 65% of them so if I thought you
know it probably suggests that May
economists were way out over their skis
that 70% was too high on a recession
there is a risk today that 10 to 15%
could be too low right on the impact and
the and the slowing growth into the back
half of this year
>> what kind of retracement are you looking
for in equities right now?
>> Hopefully, we're thinking, you know,
somewhere in that 6 to 8, maybe 7 to
10%. Um, and if we get that, we would
probably be buyers again, right? We take
that capital and put it back in
tactically. Um, because that's really
what this is about. It's not about some
riskoff move that we think is going to
the markets are going to roll back over
19 20% like we did in April.
>> Will the US markets be an isolation of
the rest of the world? This has been
sort of the debate for a lot of people
this year. how much this is time to go
international, right? We've heard that
many times. It reminds you the rest of
the world actually has companies as well
and you can invest in them. How much
does that reiterate that kind of move
versus we're going to get the same
amount of pain if not more elsewhere?
>> I think the latter, right? They're going
to get the same amount of pain if not
more elsewhere. Like we didn't believe
in the international piece, right? And
and let's be honest, we've been wrong on
that side of it um for the first, you
know, six, seven, eight months of the
year. You can go back and look at the
last seven, eight times international
has outperformed domestic. Um it's
usually about 6 to n months and that
trend rolls itself over, right? It
doesn't sustain. We know it hasn't
sustained. So you history is on your
side that it's going to take something
to really again durably beat
expectations there. A huge piece of
that, as you guys know, has been the
dollar's decline that's favored that. We
don't we don't see another 10% downside
in the dollar. a lot of the street does,
right? We think the dollar consolidates
here and actually rebounds a little bit
or steadies and maybe maybe surges back
higher, which isn't going to help
international, right? If anything, it's
going to put a little bit of a tailwind
in domestic. So, we never believed in
the death of US exceptionalism. We think
domestic over international still makes
sense. We think large over small still
makes sense. And then we think we got to
be really selective in the sectors.
>> Daryl Kron, thank you so much for being
with us as always. Daryl Kron of Wells
Fargo here in New York with us right
now. Now, let's get you an update on
stories elsewhere. Here's your Bloomer
brief with Yahihira on Yahihira.
>> Hi, Lisa. Russian media reporting a
meeting between President Donald Trump's
special envoy Steve Wickoff and Russian
President Vladimir Putin is over. Talks
in Moscow went on for nearly 3 hours.
The meeting comes just 2 days before the
August 8th deadline that Trump set for
Russia to reach a truce with Ukraine or
face potential sanctions. Meanwhile,
OpenAI is in early talks about a
potential share sale for current and
former employees at a valuation of about
$500 billion. People familiar with the
investment discussions say existing
investors have approached the company
about buying some of the employee
shares. If the deal goes through, it
would increase OpenAI's on paper price
tag by about 2/3.
And Nova Nordisk has reported its
weakest sales growth in 4 years. The
drug maker is losing ground to Eli Liy
in the US market for obesity drugs. Nova
Nordisk's earnings were below analyst
estimates. Meanwhile, a new president
and CEO is set to take over on Thursday
after the company ousted its longtime
leader. That's your Bloomberg brief.
Lisa,
>> thank you so much. Yhierra, I got to
say, the race to make people skinny this
uh this earning season has been
fascinating. Up next, the morning calls.
Plus, Rich Greenfield of Lightshed
Partners reacting to results from
Disney. That's next. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
The move here in the market is not
necessarily tremendous downside because
I think some level of expectations
already baked in. But that's why I
really kind of call it the quarter of
choppiness because on the one hand we
need to mark to market some of these
tariffs and at the same time we also
know that if the labor market weakness
weakens as a result of that then that
sets us up for a September cut and I
think that's what the markets are caught
in between and that's why we sort of get
the backtoback days of selling and
buying and selling and buying and I
think that could continue. That was
Anastasia Omaroso of Partners Group
talking about that chop that we keep
hearing about and certainly we're seeing
that chop yesterday down today. Futures
up as we look ahead to another day of
earnings although really off some of the
earlier intraday highs up only now about
a tenth of a percent on uh S&P futures
seeing that dollar weakness gaining
steam although that has really been
going nowhere. than the DXY index
yesterday kind of hovering around the
same place 116 on the Euro dollar cross
and you're seeing yields just marginally
higher ahead of that 10-year auction
later today 30-year auction tomorrow
time now for the morning calls one stock
very much in focus AMD first up raising
its price target on the stock to $190
saying it is a quote strong participant
in artificial intelligence though shares
were down almost as much as 7% earlier
this morning and early morning trading
now down uh less than 5 a.5%. Next up,
Raymond James raising its price target
in AMD AMD to $200, expecting new
product launches next year to accelerate
its artificial intelligence momentum.
And finally, JP Morgan raising its price
target in AMD to $180, saying it expects
better share gain in its chip business.
And this of course as a whole host of
uncertainty swirls given what's going on
with China and their ability to
penetrate that market. Turning to media,
Disney shares sliding in the pre-market
despite the company raising its fullear
outlook. Joining us now is Keith
Ranganathan of Bloomberg Intelligence.
Keith, thank you so much for being with
us. What stands out to you from this
earnings report?
>> Yeah, thanks uh Lisa. So definitely it
was a beat. Uh they delivered really
strong fiscal uh third quarter results
and it was you know guidance raised. So
EPS now up full year EPS now up 18%
versus 16% again on parks what we were
expecting you know strong operating
income growth uh again they reaffirmed
guidance there I think why we're seeing
shares trade off a little bit is because
maybe guidance was not raised as much as
people were expecting um so you know
they did say uh parks going up 8% I
think maybe investors were looking for a
little bit more uh but overall uh Lisa
really strong results s really kind of
uh uh confirms the resilience in the
business model and as waged a lot of
concerns especially around you know the
competition from a new park in Florida
from Epic Universe uh we saw really
strong growth 22% increase in domestic
park profits so overall really strong
>> and yet the shares are lower although
after rising uh really quite
significantly over the past 12 months
Bloomberg's Gita Raenathan thank you so
much and uh we'll get an update with you
as more earnings come out joining us Now
is Rich Greenfield of Lightshed
Partners. Rich, before we get into the
nitty-gritty, why are shares lower after
what Githa just described was a pretty
blowout report.
>> I mean, I think you got to sort of step
back. First of all, I think blowout
might be a strong word. I I think the
reality is Disney stock has obviously
had a nice little run over the course of
the last 6 months. I think the company
definitely I don't want to say was
sandbagging but you know if you listen
to Hugh Johnson Disney CFO he certainly
was keeping he you know he didn't raise
expectations after last quarter's pretty
meaningful you know upside in the first
you know several quarters of the year so
I think there was sort of an expectation
that this was going to be good that they
were going to um exceed expectations and
raise the guidance and so I think it was
sort of in the stock so I again I think
this has been a very widely owned stock
people were sort
knew that the outperformance was coming.
And I think the reality is I think the
thing that surprises me is that there
isn't more excitement around the WWE
deal this morning or the NFL deal, but I
think just sort of the, you know, sort
of hitting what people have thought and
you're sort of seeing sell on the news
more than anything else.
>> Well, the market initially really did
like that deal when it comes to ESPN and
the NFL media. What does this say to you
about the direction of travel for Disney
and the company at large? Is that going
to be a spin-off, Rich?
>> Well, I look, I think that you got to
step back. And so, you know, the stock
is trading, you know, you you've got it
up on the screen right now. $115. If you
go back 10 years ago, Disney reported
their fiscal, you know, Q3 earnings the
same week 10 years ago, the stock was
trading at this exact same level. So
this has been sort of a lost decade for
Disney in terms of the stock. Yes, it's
been up and down in between, but you
know 10 years it hasn't performed. I
think it's really setting the stage for
a strategic transformation. And you
know, IER's last year is 2026. And and I
think when you look at how they're
positioning ESPN, you know, if you think
about sort of launching the direct to
consumer service, having it stand on its
own, adding in the NFL content, doing
the big NBA deal this morning, doing the
WWE Wrestlemania deal, they are putting
all of the pieces together to separate
ESPN and probably ESPN and ABC from the
rest of the Walt Disney Company at some
point over the next 12 to 18 months. And
I think that is going to be the next
strategic catalyst for Disney. I don't
know. I don't think they'll talk about
it this morning, but it feels like
they're setting the stage for that.
>> Does Bob Iger want that before he exits
the company? And by the way, we should
we should note expect expectations he's
going to exit. Um some think maybe he's
going to stay on.
>> Look,
I have no insight into whether Bob
actually leaves. He certainly has been
telling everyone that is close to him
that when he that he's really leaving
this time. You know, the chairman of the
board, Gorman, uh is certainly tasked
with finding a replacement. I I think
you're going to see that replacement.
And you know, look, I think Disney has
two core challenges. Figuring out the
future. You know, if you think about
youth culture, my partner Brandon Ross
has been writing about sort of the the
incredible surge of engagement around
roadblocks. Like if you look at where
youth culture is and where kids are
spending their time, it's hard not to
look at something like Roblox and go,
how is Disney not in this world? Like
sure they're building something on
Fortnite, but if you look at sort of the
the UGC growth that's happening so
organically on Roblox, like that seems
more like where Disney should be than
trying to figure out the future of
sports streaming with ESPN and ABC. And
so I think sort of whoever is Disney's
CEO, I think the big task is figuring
out what is the future mix of this
company. What is the ideal mix of assets
to be positioned so that the next decade
looks a lot better than the last decade.
>> There's also a question of the
geographic footprint, Rich. I mean,
we're seeing AMD shares fall because of
a lack of certainty with China. But we
understand that Disney has its
footprints in China as well as around
the world. even though some people might
see it as sort of brand Americana, how
much does that threaten or how much do
you want to hear about that on today's
call?
>> And look, I you know, I think a a topic
that people don't really like to talk
about, right, is is how are US movies
performing overseas? And I think if you
look at a lot of the international
performance, you're seeing it be
relatively underwhelming. And you know I
I I do scratch my head and wonder
whether there is sort of a a greater
sort of anti-American sentiment.
Certainly China has boxed almost even if
they let US movies in, they don't do any
box office anymore. And so I do think
that there is this growing fear I have
around Hollywood and and the the movie
exhibition business that international
which used to be sort of the huge upside
for these films. like you did a good
number in the US and then you blew it
out overseas. We're seeing a lot of
underperformance overseas that is
increasingly concerning.
>> Rich, I'm just wondering looking
forward, the other thing that we've
heard in terms of a theme from companies
has been artificial intelligence. And I
know that Disney and other content
creators have really not wanted to talk
about this because of the strikes in
Hollywood and some of the other concerns
around what this will do to jobs. But is
that going to be something that you
expect to hear about given that it's
kind of a tool that they will need to be
using?
>> I think everyone in Hollywood is going
to initially look to how do they use
this to speed up creation and reduce
cost. You know, the the challenge is
going to be not so much how a company
like Disney or Warner Brothers Discovery
or Paramount uses these tools, but how
the kid in their basement, you know, who
never could have created a feature film
before
now can like will somebody come up with
Bluey in their basement, right? Like
just using all of these powerful tools.
If you're a good storyteller, you don't
have to be a good animator anymore. AI
can do that for you. And so I think
what's going to be really interesting as
you look forward is is the comp how the
competition or the competitive landscape
not just for Disney but for all these
media companies changes over the course
of probably the next 3 to 5 years. I
mean the pace of AI innovation is is
astounding and I think what you can do
is only getting cheaper and faster and
easier and so the competitive dynamic
that you know that currently exists
there aren't many companies that do
feature linked animation. I wonder in 5
years how we're going to think about the
competitive set for animation.
>> Rich Greenfield of Lightshed Partners,
thank you so much for being with us
today. Uh, and it's a really good point
and we'll have to check in with John
who's currently on an Icon of the skis
uh tour around Norway and uh just about
which Disney character is his favorite.
>> I I highly doubt that. I'm sure he loves
Disney movies, but I highly doubt he's
on on a Disney cruise. In a serious
note, this is a company that actually
has performed really well. And you
raised a great question about
succession. How much can they put some
sort of plan going forward of
succession? And we've seen this at a
number of financial companies. I am
curious about what they say about that.
We are seeing Uber also uh trading ahead
of their call. They did report earnings.
We also got earnings from McDonald's.
All showing a lot of consumer demand.
And I think that this really is the
takeaway even from Disney. People are
paying more for their streaming
subscriptions. They're paying more for
their Icon of the Seas tours. They're
paying more to go around the world to
all of the theme parks. That takes money
and that takes capacity and that takes
confidence.
>> At the end of the day, the consumer is
holding up and this has been the big
debate. Will the tariffs hit so hard?
Will prices have to adjust so much that
consumers won't hold up? And they are
holding up right now. But I go back to
what Anastasia told us earlier that now
we're entering the corner quarter where
there's going to be a lot of choppiness
and the market's really going to have to
digest the actual tariffs, not the
uncertainty around the tariffs.
>> Yeah, markets open in about an hour and
four minutes and right now futures up.
As they look ahead, we get Airbnb after
the bell and of course jobless claims
tomorrow. Coming up, Mark Geoni of
Barclays on risks to the US economy.
[Music]
Right now, we're seeing a bit of a lift
uh in equity futures ahead of the open.
We are about 1 hour ahead. And right
now, you can see a little bit of a
retracement from earlier highs, up about
a tenth of a percent on the S&P. Uh,
Inc. Interesting that the Russell 2000
is erasing all of its gains, almost flat
on the session after being up 4/10 510
of a percent earlier this morning and
the NASDAQ not doing much 1 hour away
from the cash open as we mentioned. Here
are your morning movers with Danny
Burgerer. Danny, Lisa, I do have the
reason that tech is underperforming at
least and it's a lot of the pain in chip
makers. Uh, super micro earnings, those
were poor, but also AMD. These were not
poor earnings. they really showed up and
were very optimistic on their sales and
the future of AI. The issue for them and
the reason shares are down 5.6% is
because they couldn't give the certainty
on when they'd be able to sell to China
yet again. They said they wouldn't
predict it. So again, those shares
falling. On the other side of things, we
also had Disney earnings. Those shares
also falling 1.6%.
Kind of a same story. Things like theme
parks and streaming was good. They also
announced that they have are buying more
of the NFL media network type assets.
However, some of their linear street and
normal TV channels not performing as
well. That disappointment. Finally
wrapping things up with McDonald's.
Those shares doing better. It was a
sales beat. Some of the economic anxiety
may be pushing people to cheaper options
like McDonald's up 4.3%. A lot of
partnerships helping them too. Uh
Minecraft, but I'll spare us the uh
Squish Mallow conversation again. A
thank you so much Jenny for reprising
that conversation. Interesting with
McDonald's how much they're gaining
market share too and it's something we
will be looking at because we saw a
different picture for Chipotle. So it's
not all fast casual dining is seeing
some sort of gain. It does seem like
this is increasingly a winner takes all
kind of market or stock by stock type of
uh type of environment.
>> Execution. You've been totally right on
McDonald's. Something that they've
really been able to hone in on is how
much money they're bringing from the
international space, not just domestic
in the United States. Yeah. And so maybe
uh some of those happy meals really
gaining traction over in Europe. Yeah,
Minecraft. You're learning about what
roadblocks are this morning. Turning now
to uh the Fed. A slew of Fed speaks
scheduled for today as investors await
President Trump's pick for the Fed
governor. Trump saying he will make a
decision before the end of the week.
Bloomberg's Michael McKe joining us now.
Mike, we learned yesterday that one
person, Scott Besson, out of the race.
Four candidates that we understand.
What's the process going to be like to
get this person in that seat? Well, the
process is going to take a while because
the person who goes to that seat is
going to have to be confirmed by the
Senate. And uh, as we know, you got to
fill out a lot of paperwork and then
you've got to go through the hearing
process. You make your rounds on Capitol
Hill shaking hands and making nice with
senators. And if you get through the
banking committee, then you go on to the
Senate floor, which is pretty crowded
with a lot of nominations these days.
So, nothing's a slam dunk at this point.
uh which maybe means that for the moment
until we know who it's going to be, you
should pay attention to what other Fed
officials are saying about the
possibility of a rate cut in September.
We have several speaking this week,
including Mary Daly today and she is the
one person that seems to have flipped
her view, saying she's out of patience
and she thinks maybe it's time to start
cutting rates. Uh we've also got Raphael
Bastic tomorrow and he has been the
strongest perhaps in saying only one
rate cut this year. Does he change his
mind? Uh head heading to the uh question
though of who becomes the Fed chair. Uh
there are three candidates we know about
uh at this point. The Kevin as uh the
president calls them. And Chris Waller,
who's on the Fed board now, would not
have to be nominated uh to the Fed
board, but would have to be nominated to
be chair. And then there's the mystery
guest because the president said there
are four candidates, but he took Scott
Bessant out of it. You can uh read all
through the newspapers and wire services
and stuff this morning and read a lot of
different speculation on names. Uh the
question for the president though is uh
how does he do this? And that's the
biggest and most fascinating issue for
me and for people on Wall Street. He
could name his new chair in waiting to
the Cougler seat, but uh then you end up
with that shadow fair Fed chair issue.
Who does the market listen to? Does it
cause dissension on the Fed? He could
name a replacement governor for Cougler,
somebody who would just uh serve for a
couple of months. But if Powell stays,
it may be his only chance to name
somebody to the seat. He could name a
replacement now and choose a chair
later, but then you get that apprentice
scenario of maybe uh WH or or Hassid and
Bowman and Waller all auditioning for
the job while they're trying to carry
out monetary policy until the president
makes a decision. So, uh, going to be
very interesting. And
>> Mike, this is what I'm stuck on. How
does he decide going forward? The
president said yesterday either decide
on one for permanence or the 4month
period. What would be the point of
having someone there for four months
given the fact that this takes a lot of
time and um cha it's challenging
potentially at times when it comes to
getting the Senate confirmation.
>> Yeah. And the other question uh on the
other side of that, Any is that you have
to ask who would want that job? You
would have to devest all of your
financial holdings. You would have to
reveal all of your financial holdings
and go through the confirmation process
which can be pretty brutal and there's
no guarantee that you're going to stay
on. Uh that would be a a tough ask for
anyone. Plus the fact as we mentioned
takes a long time to get through the
Senate even if they rushed it through
probably not ready for the September
meeting and then there are only two more
meetings this year. So you might serve
for two months. Uh I'm not sure that
that's worth it to anybody.
>> Michael McKe, thank you so much as
always for that update. Sticking with
the Fed, Mark Geoni of Barclays writing
this. We retain our baseline expectation
that the FOMC will deliver a single cut
this year in December, but view risks as
tilting toward earlier rate cuts with
payroll employment having decelerated.
Mark, that was at one point sort of
consensus. Now it's a pretty rogue call
considering what the market is pricing
in for September. Why do you stick with
that view?
>> Well, we I mean the the employment has
clearly slowed and I think that's uh
increasing the risks uh that the Fed is
will want to uh cut earlier than
December. But at the same time, Chow has
emphasized last week that the
unemployment rate uh remains fairly low
and that uh that's a decent measure of
slack for the economy. So when we think
about the labor market overall, it
hasn't really changed over the past
year. what we've seen in the
unemployment rate basically ticking up
uh tenth in the last print but back to
the level it was in May back to the
level it was in July of 2024
the only thing that has really changed
is the very uh significant but gradual
slowdown in the pace of payroll
employment and as we've been writing for
about a little over a year now I think I
I talked about it on this show I guess a
year ago um that we are we have been
anticipating a very gradual and extended
it slowdown in the pace of payroll. I
think we are going to be looking at very
slow payroll prints over the next few
months and this is because we have this
very sharp reduction in immigration. We
have a very uh uh significant slowdown
in the pace of uh labor supply.
>> Well, we can't help talking about all
the political intrigue and how that
might uh have ramifications for Fed
policy. We've talked about that with
respect to the two descents from Fed
governors. The first time we've seen
that level of disscent going back to
1993. We've talked about that with
questions around who could replace
Audriana Cougler over the next four
months as we were just talking about. Do
you just block that all out say la let's
look at the actual data and just hope
for the best? I mean, I think this is
part of the reality of course and the
FOMC is uh is under tremendous amount of
pressure but at the same time the FOMC
has to do whatever they think is right
and uh I think what they told us very
clearly and loudly last week was that
they are not in a rush to cut rates at
present. Uh they are seeing downside
risk to the labor market especially if
the pace of payroll slows further. if we
see signs in let's say initial claims
for instance jumping up if we see the
unemployment rate rising further and
we'll have another uh labor market print
before the the September meeting but it
could well be that the pace of payroll
stays weak and the labor market remains
tight and I think this is our baseline
as well and I think in that context with
inflation likely picking up from here on
a month-to-month basis and quite
significantly over the next couple of
prints uh we'll have a Fed that's is
going to be facing a trade-off shock
basically facing a stflationary shock
and they will um need to make sure that
policy is well placed for that. So yes,
the political environment is a
consideration. U but I think they are
very much focused on what's happening in
the real economy.
>> Well, that's what the services ISM
really pointed to yesterday. What did
you make of that data? How challenging
is that specific data point going into
September? Yeah. So I I think what the
ISM indicates is price pressures are
here, right? And also on the services
side and they are coming. They are going
to show up in the consumer prints. We
expect like a.3% increase in the
upcoming print. We expect like further
acceleration from there like a 4% in the
in the following few months. Um we are
likely to going to see inflation at core
inflation at about 3 and a.5% by the end
of this year. We have 3.4 on core PC 3.6
six on on core CPI. But bottom line um
inflation is likely to pick up quite
significantly from there and I think ISM
pointed that out and especially on the
services side as well. On the in terms
of activity I think what ISM says is
well activity is slowing and uh and we
see that we uh we expect the tariffs
which yes the tariffs have been in place
since since April or at least a good
part of them. Now they are they are
going to increase uh starting tomorrow.
the but the effective tariff has not
really increased very much in in May and
June uh because in effect uh a lot of
the trade uh that would have taken place
took place in advance as as businesses
and households frontloaded a lot of the
purchases so that we are going to really
see the effect of these tariffs only in
the upcoming months and that should slow
activity ISM is telling us
>> when it comes to what Lisa was talking
about the fact that we are still waiting
on these appointments whether or not
it's the BLS commissioner or who the
president's going to put in the cougler
seat Will the market push back if it's
someone overtly political?
>> I do think so. Yeah, I think the and and
the FOMC is going to push back if
someone is is uh overly political. I
think the when the monetary policy
decision is made by the whole committee
each FOMC voter has one vote. The chair
is one person um and does not have uh
does not have um authority that comes
just with a title. the authority comes
really from the credibility, the trust
that other participants give them. So I
think the market and the rest of the
FOMC are going to push back against.
>> Just real quick though, I mean, isn't
this actually something that you've been
struggling with? The integrity of the
data, not necessarily the political
interference, but the quality of it,
particularly in the labor market, uh,
readings has been going down. And this
is something that a lot of people have
been talking about,
>> right? including people from the BLS
have been complaining about resources
have been complaining about um the their
because of the lack of resources having
to shrink the size of the surveys that
makes the survey naturally more noisy.
Uh the responses the response rates have
come down very significantly and um and
that's a that's a challenge that's a
problem the the quality of the data has
deteriorated because of that. I wouldn't
I wouldn't call it integrity about the
data because I I do think that the the
census um and BLS and other statistical
agencies have been doing a very
professional job in terms of with the
resources that they have.
>> You know, I have gotten a call and I'd
like to get a call. I'd like to give my
response. Mark of Barclays. Yesterday I
got a call and I thought maybe it was
the call. It was the way to like the
census or something of that nature, but
it was spam.
>> I don't pick up if I don't know the
number.
>> Interesting. So they'll have a you have
a better shot calling Lisa Brahmovitz
than than my phone
>> which is probably the reason why
response rates have gone down because of
all the emories out there. Mark Gonia of
Barclays again. Thank you so much for
being here. And now let's get you an
update on stories elsewhere. Here's your
Bloomberg brief with Yah and Jihara.
>> Hi Lisa. Swiss President Karine Keller
Suter will meet with Secretary of State
Marco Rubio on her emergency trip to
lower the US's 39% tariff on
Switzerland. The meeting is scheduled
this morning in Washington. But the
Secretary of State's Department does not
lead negotiations for bilateral deals,
and it remains unclear if she will get
to meet with President Trump. Meanwhile,
Bank of America is asking its junior
bankers to disclose if they've accepted
jobs elsewhere. Sources telling us here
at Bloomberg, individuals who accept
offers will likely be moved to another
area within the bank. City and Goldman
Sachs have made similar moves to
discourage employees from pursuing new
jobs. And how's this for some nostalgia?
Claire's the accessory store for
pre-teens has filed for its second
chapter 11 bankruptcy. The once-beloved
mall staple is facing higher import
costs for its goods and a rocky consumer
spending outlook. Claire's currently has
2,750 stores across 17 countries down
from over 4,500 stores at the time of
its first bankruptcy back in 2018.
That's your Bloomberg brief. Lisa,
>> thank you so much. Yhiro, where will the
twins shop? Up next, setting you up for
the day ahead. Plus, Woody Caesar of
credit sites moving up her expectations
for the Fed's next cut. That's coming up
next. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
The hard data by virtue of the fact that
it's hard is rear view mirror stuff.
It's what the Fed uses as an example. I
call it the cracked rearview mirror
trying to make forecasts based on hard
data is you're fighting yesterday's war.
So the Fed is now coming around because
the hard data is finally softening up.
We've been screaming that they should be
cutting way back in the spring. They're
now going to do that. We're entering a
cutting cycle, but the soft data is
starting to turn
>> and it's starting to turn up. That was
Steven Off of Federated Hermes who's
talking about his optimism going forward
as we look at equities trying to start
the day in the green. We have seen them
claw back from some of the earlier
gains, but still up 210 of a percent on
the S&P yields. Retracing some of the
earlier rise that we saw earlier now
just up a basis points 422% on that
10-year yield. We are getting some news
on Apple. The White House revealing that
Apple is planning to boost its US
investment commitment by hundred billion
dollars. Those shares uh futures uh
popping in the pre-market 1.6% gain.
Emory, this looks like this might be the
4:30 p.m. meeting at the White House.
>> Yeah, it does sound like it because this
is going to be happening according to
the White House. This new US
manufacturing plan, this announcement
that Trump is going to make about Apple.
And then Kevin Hasset was also speaking
to the press earlier and said he's
likely to hear about this new factory
from Apple today. So it looks like Apple
is going to I guess outline their plans
for more manufacturing, more U more
dollars into the United States. What I
find so interesting about this is the
personnel because Tim Cook did a very
good job with Trump in 1.0 to be able to
really maneuver his way about what he
needed from the US government when it
comes to carveouts, etc. That person has
really been Jensen Wang of Nvidia. this
time around. So maybe he's trying to
cozy up a little bit more in the White
House
>> or reprise his role as ambassador and
chief to the tech sector. We're going to
be following that throughout the day.
Meanwhile, counting you down to the
opening bell. Here's your trading diary
for the rest of the week. 1 p.m.
Eastern. Don't miss this. The Treasury
auctioning $42 billion in 10ear notes.
4:30 p.m. We will get that announcement.
We are expecting it to have to do with
Apple's investment to the United States.
We'll also get Fed speak from Daily Cook
and Collins Thursday. a rate decision
from the Bank of England and another
round of jobless claims. Plus, President
Trump's new global tariffs will take
effect. We'll also be hearing about any
additional tariff discussions that we've
been talking about throughout the
morning. And next Tuesday, really a key
data point, the CPI data, especially
after yesterday's ISM services
indicators kind of pointing to a bit of
inflationary boost at the same time of
stagnating activity. Turning back to the
Fed, Winnie Caesar of Credit Sites
pulling forward rate cut expectations
for the year, writing, "With the July
payrolls report, we capitulated on our
Fed on hold call for 2025." Winnie joins
us now. Winnie, thank you so much for
being with us. Let's just talk about
what made you capitulate. Was it
political? Was it the data? And how much
do you see the Fed being able to cut?
>> Sure, Lisa. Good morning. Thanks for
having me on. It was the data. In our
Fed preview earlier in the week last
week, we had noted if we saw multiple
months of sub 100K job ads and a
continued erosion in labor force
participation that we would expect the
Fed to get a little bit more concerned
around the labor aspect of its school
mandate. And with the July payrolls
report, we basically saw all of those
milestones achieved and of course a not
very great way. And when we look back at
last September when the Fed came out
with its jumbo rate cut, we're seeing a
lot of parallels in terms of the
economic data. And that did cause us to
pull forward some rate cutting
expectations. We had initially
envisioned for 2026 now into 2025.
>> One thing that's unique about your
research, Winnie, is that you're talking
about where the Fed's going to set
rates. At the same time that you're
scouring all of the corporate earnings
reports for the credit universe that you
oversee, how much is there a dissonance
between the strength that we keep
talking about in the earnings and the
weakness that we keep talking about will
prompt the Fed to cut rates?
>> Yeah, there definitely is some cognitive
dissonance going on in so many ways both
in corporate earnings versus the
macroeconomic data, the hard data versus
the soft data. And I think that a lot of
people are a little bit too focused on
what has happened already. We know that
corporate credit fundamentals have been
in good shape because we haven't seen an
intense releveraging cycle as the Fed
hiked rates as we had a lot of
uncertainty and people are really kind
of hanging on their hats on those credit
fundamentals remaining intact. But at
the same time, we know objectively that
the consumer is in a worse spot than it
was at the beginning of 2022 or 2023 and
that there are a number of new factors
and new policy considerations that
corporates are going to have to maneuver
and at the same time we have a lot of
technological developments which we're
seeing have some impact on the labor
market as well. So, I think it's a bit
of a mistake to think, okay, Q2 earnings
came in much better than anticipated.
Argo, Q3, Q4, next year will all be fine
as well.
>> Winnie, I know you're pulling forward
your rate cut expectations. What happens
at the end of the year when potentially,
we were just hearing from our last guest
the fact Mark was talking about we could
have 3.5% inflation at the end of the
year. The ISM services basically
signaling a stagflationary environment.
Yeah, it does make us nervous and a
stagflation light type scenario was our
base case coming into this year. It
feels like it's taking a little bit more
time to play out than we had initially
anticipated. Now, by the Fed's own
summary of economic projections, they
see room to cut rates even if we see
core PCE inflation rising a bit through
year end. so long as the unemployment
rate is also rising. It's a little bit
trickier to get to an increased
unemployment rate because of that
participation dynamic. But that does, I
think, leave risk assets in a little bit
of a vulnerable situation if we don't
have as much room for the Fed to be
proactively easing and we have these
inflationary impacts and also a
weakening job market. It all kind of
sounds like you're setting up for the
riskoff and importantly wider spreads in
credit where fundamentals finally matter
again.
>> Why can't the Fed rate cut save the
corporate uh sphere given the fact that
there's not that much weakness and a lot
of companies have a lot of positivity?
The Fed cuts a couple times and that
actually gives a pretty uh upbeat look
to some of these otherwise neutral for
forecasts. Yeah, Lisa, it's a good
point. And we do see a path for
proactive rate cuts that result in a
continued bid for risk, a continued
grind tighter in corporate credit. But
that's really predicated on this
immaculate disinflation materializing.
And so far it seems like from the soft
data that immaculate disinflation is not
necessarily going to be the outcome at
least in the near term with some of the
pricing pressure reemerging in services
seeing some pricing pressure in goods
again as well. So it's a lot more
difficult to get to that point where the
Fed can kind of gradually and
proactively ease rather than having to
react to weakness in the labor market
while also managing some reinflationary
pressures within the system.
>> Winnie Caesar of credit sites. Thank you
so much for being with us. Right now, we
are looking at a market that is a bit
risk on, although that could change. We
saw that yesterday. It's been five of
six days that have been down over the
past uh week or so. I am curious about
this Apple announcement. We mentioned it
earlier and Emory, it looks like
President Trump is going to announce
alongside Apple some sort of commitment
to increase production here in the
United States.
>> Yeah. A new hundred billion dollars
commitment. It comes at an interesting
time too because remember Apple has been
trying to move a lot of their
manufacturing out of China into India at
a time now Trump 2.0. There has been
some serious tension between New Delhi
and Washington. And I wonder if Tim Cook
is going to be once again caught in the
crosshairs of what is going on in the
tariff story. But right now they seem to
be showing good favor with the president
saying they're going to have this
commitment to build some sort of
manufacturing plant factory in the
United States. So maybe the memes of
people wearing Patagonia vests and
building iPhones will come to fruition.
We also are tracking earnings. Airbnb
expected after the bell. We did already
get Disney as well as Uber and
McDonald's a positive look. And yet what
we have seen consistently is markets
have already priced everything in. And
that really has been the theme.
>> Markets already priced in a lot of the
uncertainty. What is going to be so
interesting for the rest of the year, I
think, is that we're actually going to
see the tariff rates hit. And what do
companies do with that? And that's what
we're going to be speaking about
tomorrow with Kate Moore of City Wealth
who has been uh a little bit cautious on
that. Jim Biano of Bianco Research,
former NEC deputy director Everett
Eisenstat, and Kelsey Barrow of JP
Morgan Asset Management. Have a great
day. This was Bloomberg Surveillance.
[Music]